https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/csdi/terms.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION – GLOSSARY OF TERMS

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Center for Student Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/csdi/]Diversity, Equity and
Inclusion – Glossary of Terms
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Affiliations [/student_life/resources/csdi/affiliations.aspx]
 * Black History Month
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/index.aspx]
   * Faculty Resources
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/bhm_faculty_resources.aspx]
 * Current Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/current_students.aspx]
 * Glossary of Terms [/student_life/resources/csdi/terms.aspx]
 * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
 * Latino Outreach [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index.aspx]
   * Centro Latino de College of DuPage
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
   * Hispanic Resources
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/resources.aspx]
   * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
   * Informacion Para Los Padres
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/parent_info_spanish.aspx]
 * New Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/new_students.aspx]
 * Positive Voices [/student_life/resources/csdi/video.aspx]
 * Undocumented Student Resources
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/undocumented-student-resources.aspx]

Ableism- discrimination against persons with mental and/or physical
disabilities; social structures that favor able-bodied individuals. (The
National Multicultural Institute)

Acculturation- the process of learning and incorporating the language, values,
beliefs, and behaviors that makes up a distinct culture. This concept is not to
be confused with assimilation, where an individual or group may give up certain
aspects of its culture in order to adapt to that of the prevailing culture. (The
National Multicultural Institute)

Affirmative Action- proactive policies and procedures for remedying the effect
of past discrimination and ensuring the implementation of equal employment and
educational opportunities, for recruiting, hiring, training and promoting women,
minorities, people with disabilities and veterans in compliance with the federal
requirements enforced by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
(OFCCP). (Society for Human Resources Management)

Ageism- discrimination against individuals because of their age, often based on
stereotypes. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Ally- a person who takes action against oppression out of a belief that
eliminating oppression will benefit members of targeted groups and advantage
groups. Allies acknowledge disadvantage and oppression of other groups than
their own, take supportive action on their behalf, commit to reducing their own
complicity or collusion in oppression of these groups, and invest in
strengthening their own knowledge and awareness of oppression. (Center for
Assessment and Policy Development)

Anti-Oppression - Recognizing and deconstructing the systemic, institutional and
personal forms of disempowerment used by certain groups over others; actively
challenging the different forms of oppression. (Center for Anti-Oppressive
Education)

Bias - a positive or negative inclination towards a person, group, or community;
can lead to stereotyping. (Thiederman)

Bigotry - intolerant prejudice which glorifies one’s own group and denigrates
members of other groups. (Dismantling Racism Institute)

Bisexuality - romantic and/or sexual attraction to people of more than one sex
and/or gender, not necessarily at the same time, not necessarily in the same
way, and not necessarily to the same degree. (Ochs)

Bullying - intimidating, exclusionary, threatening or hostile behavior against
an individual. (Sierra Club Employee Handbook)

Chicano/a - a term adopted by some Mexican Americans to demonstrate pride in
their heritage, born out of the national Chicano Movement that was politically
aligned with the Civil Rights movement to end racial oppression and social
inequalities of Mexican Americans. Chicano pertains to the particular experience
of Mexican-descended individuals living in the US, but not all Mexican Americans
identify as Chicano. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Cisgender - a gender identity where an individual’s self-perception of their
gender aligns with their perceived sex. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Classism - biased attitudes and beliefs that result in, and help to justify,
unfair treatment of individuals or groups because of their socioeconomic
grouping. Classism can also be expressed as public policies and institutional
practices that prevent people from breaking out of poverty rather than ensuring
equal economic, social, and educational opportunity. (The National Multicultural
Institute)

Collusion - when people act to perpetuate oppression or prevent others from
working to eliminate oppression. Example: able-bodied people who object to
strategies for making buildings accessible because of the expense. (Adams, Bell
and Griffin)

Colonialism - control by individuals or groups over the territory/behavior of
other individuals or groups. (Horvath) Imperialism refers to the political or
economic control, either formally or informally, and creating an empire.

Colorblind - term used to describe personal, group, and institutional policies
or practices that do not consider race or ethnicity as a determining factor. The
term “colorblind” de-emphasizes or ignores race and ethnicity as a large part of
one’s identity. (The National Multicultural Institute)  

Cultural Assimilation - an individual, family, or group gives up certain aspects
of its culture in order to adapt to the dominant culture. (The National
Multicultural Institute)

Cultural Competence - 1) Knowledge, awareness and interpersonal skills that
allow individuals to increase their understanding, sensitivity, appreciation,
and responsiveness to cultural differences and the interactions resulting from
them. The particulars of acquiring cultural competency vary among different
groups, and they involve ongoing relational process tending to inclusion and
trust-building. (UC Berkeley Initiative for Equity, Inclusion, and Diversity) 2)
A process of learning that leads to the ability to effectively respond to the
challenges and opportunities posed by the presence of social cultural diversity
in a defined social system. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Cultural Pluralism - recognition of the contribution of each group to a common
civilization. It encourages the maintenance and development of different life
styles, languages and convictions. It strives to create the conditions of
harmony and respect within a culturally diverse society.  (Institute for
Democratic Renewal and Project Change)

Culture - a social system of meaning and custom that is developed by a group of
people to assure its adaptation and survival. These groups are distinguished by
a set of unspoken rules that shape values, beliefs, habits, patterns of
thinking, behaviors and styles of communication. (Institute for Democratic
Renewal and Project Change)

Denial - the refusal to acknowledge the societal privileges that are granted or
denied based on an individual’s identity components. Those who are in a stage of
denial tend to believe, “People are people. We are all alike regardless of the
color of our skin.” In this way, the existence of a hierarchical system of
privileges based on ethnicity or race are ignored. (Institute for Democratic
Renewal and Project Change)

Disability - physical or mental impairment, the perception of a physical or
mental impairment, or a history of having had a physical or mental impairment
that substantially limits one or more major life activities. (The Department of
Justice)

Discrimination - unfavorable or unfair treatment towards an individual or group
based on their race, ethnicity, color, national origin or ancestry, religion,
socioeconomic status, education, sex, marital status, parental status, veteran’s
status, political affiliation, language, age, gender, physical or mental
abilities, sexual orientation or gender identity. (Sierra Club Employment
Policy, Employee Handbook)

Diversity - psychological, physical, and social differences that occur among any
and all individuals; including but not limited to race, ethnicity, nationality,
religion, socioeconomic status, education, marital status, language, age,
gender, sexual orientation, mental or physical ability, and learning styles. A
diverse group, community, or organization is one in which a variety of social
and cultural characteristics exist. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Empowerment - when target group members refuse to accept the dominant ideology
and take actions to redistribute social power more equitably. (Adams, Bell and
Griffin)

Environmental Equity - measures the amelioration of the myriad inequities and
disproportionate impacts that groups in society have faced, especially in the
realm of environmental protection and access to nature and the environmental
goods that aren't equally shared.

Equal Employment Opportunity - (EEO) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
prohibit discrimination in any aspect of employment based on an individual’s
race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. (The National Multicultural
Institute)

Equality - evenly distributed access to resources and opportunity necessary for
a safe and healthy life; uniform distribution of access to ensure fairness.
(Kranich)

Equity - the guarantee of fair treatment, access, opportunity, and advancement
while at the same time striving to identify and eliminate barriers that have
prevented the full participation of some groups. The principle of equity
acknowledges that there are historically underserved and underrepresented
populations and that fairness regarding these unbalanced conditions is needed to
assist equality in the provision of effective opportunities to all groups. (UC
Berkeley Initiative for Equity, Inclusion, and Diversity).

ESL - (E)nglish as a (S)econd (L)anguage. A term used to describe language
learning programs in the United States for individuals for whom English is not
their first or native language. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Essentialism - the practice of categorizing an entire group based on assumptions
about what constitutes the “essence” of that group. Essentialism prevents
individuals from remaining open to individual differences within groups. (The
National Multicultural Institute)

Ethnicity - a social construct which divides people into smaller social groups
based on characteristics such as values, behavioral patterns, language,
political and economic interests, history, and ancestral geographical base.
(Adams, Bell and Griffin)

Ethnocentrism - the practice of using a particular ethnic group as a frame of
reference, basis of judgment, or standard criteria from which to view the world.
Ethnocentrism favors one ethnic group’s cultural norms and excludes the
realities and experiences of other ethnic groups. (The National Multicultural
Institute)

Eurocentrism - the practice of using Europe and European culture as a frame of
reference or standard criteria from which to view the world. Eurocentrism favors
European cultural norms and excludes the realities and experiences of other
cultural groups. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Feminism - theory and practice that advocates for educational and occupational
equity between men and women; undermines traditional cultural practices that
support the subjugation of women by men and the devaluation of women’s
contributions to society. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Gay - people of the same sex who are attracted sexually and emotionally to each
other. More commonly utilized to describe male attraction to other males. (The
National Multicultural Institute)

Gender - the socially constructed ideas about behavior, actions, and roles a
particular sex performs. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Gender Identity - a personal conception of one’s own gender; often in relation
to a gender opposition between masculinity and femininity. Gender expression is
how people externally communicate or perform their gender identity to others.
(The National Multicultural Institute)

Global Environmental Racism - race is a potent factor in sorting people into
their physical environment and explaining social inequality, political
exploitation, social isolation, and quality of life. Racism influences land use,
industrial facility siting, housing patterns, infrastructure development, and
“who gets what, when, where, and how much.” Environmental racism refers to any
policy, practice, or directive that differentially affects or disadvantages
(whether intended or unintended) individuals, groups, or communities based on
race or color. (Second National People of Color Environmental Leadership Summit)

Handicap - (see Disability)

Harassment - unwelcome, intimidating, exclusionary, threatening or hostile
behavior against an individual that is based on a category protected by law.
(Sierra Club Employee Handbook)

Hazing - verbal and physical testing, often of newcomers into a society or
group, that may range from practical joking to tests of physical and mental
endurance. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Heterosexism - social structures and practices which serve to elevate and
enforce heterosexuality while subordinating or suppressing other forms of
sexuality.  (University of Maryland)

Hispanic - the U.S. Census Bureau defines Hispanic as people who classified
themselves as Spanish, Hispanic, or Latino categories, which also included the
subgroups Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano, Puerto Rican or Cuban. (The
National Multicultural Institute)

Homophobia - a fear of individuals who are not heterosexual. Often results in
hostile, offensive, or discriminatory action against a person because they are
gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgendered, queer identified, or because they are
perceived to be. These actions may be verbal or physical and can include
insulting or degrading comments; taunts or ‘jokes’;  and excluding or refusing
to cooperate with others because of their sexuality. (The National Multicultural
Institute)

Human Rights - the basic rights and freedoms to which all humans are entitled,
often held to include the right to life and liberty, freedom of though and
expression, and equality before the law. (The American Heritage Dictionary of
the English Language)

Identity Group - a particular group, culture, or community with which an
individual identifies or shares a sense of belonging. Individual agency is
crucial for identity development; no person should be pressured to identify with
any existing group, but instead the freedom to self-identify on their own terms.
(The National Multicultural Institute)

Inclusive Language - words of phrases that include all potential audiences from
any identity group. Inclusive language does not assume or connote the absence of
any group. An example of gender inclusive language is using “police officers”
instead of “policemen”. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Inclusion - the act of creating environments in which any individual or group
can be and feel welcomed, respected, supported, and valued to fully participate.
An inclusive and welcoming climate embraces differences and offers respect in
words and actions for all people. (UC Berkeley Initiative for Equity, Inclusion,
and Diversity)

Indigenous - originating from a culture with ancient ties to the land in which a
group resides. (University of Maryland)

Individual Racism - the beliefs, attitudes, and actions of individuals that
support or perpetuate racism; can occur at both a conscious and unconscious
level, and can be active or passive. Examples include telling a racist joke,
using a racial epithet, or believing in the inherent superiority of Whites.
(Adams, Bell and Griffin)

Institutional Racism - refers specifically to the ways in which institutional
policies and practices create different outcomes for different racial groups.
The institutional policies may never mention any racial group, but their effect
is to create advantages for Whites and oppression and disadvantage for people
from groups classified as People of Color. An example includes City sanitation
department policies that concentrate trash transfer stations and other
environmental hazards disproportionately in communities of color. (Potapchuk,
Leiderman, Bivens and Major)

Intent vs. Impact - this distinction is an integral part of inclusive
environments; intent is what a person meant to do and impact is the effect it
had on someone else.  Regardless of intent, it is imperative to recognize how
behaviors, language, actions, etc. affect or influence other people. An
examination of what was said or done and how it was received is the focus, not
necessarily what was intended. (Workforce Diversity Network)

Internalized Racism - occurs in a racist system when a racial group oppressed by
racism supports the supremacy and dominance of the dominating group by
maintaining or participating in the set of attitudes, behaviors, social
structures and ideologies that undergird the dominating group’s power. (Bivens)

Intersectionality - the ways in which oppressive institutions (racism, sexism,
homophobia, transphobia, ableism, xenophobia, classism, etc.) are interconnected
and cannot be examined separately from one another. (African American Policy
Forum)

“-isms” - a way of describing any attitude, action or institutional structure
that subordinates (oppresses) a person or group because of their target group:
race (racism), gender (sexism), economic status (classism), age (ageism),
religion, sexual orientation, language, etc. (Institute for Democratic Renewal
and Project Change)

Latino/a - individual living in the United States originating form, or having a
heritage relating to Latin America. (University of Maryland)

Lesbian - a woman whose primary sexual attraction is to other women. (UC
Berkeley Gender Equity Resource Center)

LGBTQ (QIA) - acronym for “Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Queer (Questioning
Intersex Allies).” The description of the movement expanded from gay and lesbian
to LGBTQ and some include questioning, intersex, allies, same-gender-loving,
asexual, pansexual, and polyamorous. (Queers United Activists)

Marginalization - the placement of minority groups and cultures outside
mainstream society. All that varies from the norm of the dominant culture is
devalued and at times perceived as deviant and regressive. (The National
Multicultural Institute)

Microaggression - the everyday verbal, nonverbal, and environmental
slights, snubs, or insults, whether intentional or unintentional, which
communicate hostile, derogatory, or negative messages to target persons based
solely upon their marginalized group membership. (Wing Sue)

Multicultural - of or pertaining to more than one culture. (The National
Multicultural Institute)

Multiculturalism - the practice of acknowledging and respecting the various
cultures, religions, races, ethnicities, attitudes, and opinions within an
environment. The theory and practice promotes peaceful coexistence of all
identities and people. (University of Maryland)

Neo-Colonization - term for contemporary policies adopted by international and
western “1st world” nations and organizations that exert regulation, power and
control over “3rd world” nations disguised as humanitarian help or aid. These
policies are distinct but related to the “original” period of colonization of
Africa, Asia, and the Americas by European nations. (University of Maryland)

Norm - an ideal standard binding upon the members of a group and serving to
guide, control, or regulate power and acceptable behavior. (Effective
Philanthropy)

Oppression - the systemic and pervasive nature of social inequality woven
throughout social institutions as well as embedded within individual
consciousness. Oppression signifies a hierarchical relationship in which
dominant or privilege groups benefit, often in unconscious ways, from the
disempowerment of subordinated or targeted groups. (Adams, Bell and Griffin)

Pan-Africanism - describes the theory relating to the desire to educate all
peoples of the African diaspora of their common plight and the connections
between them. Some theorists promote linking all African countries across the
continent through a common government, language, ideology, or belief.
(University of Maryland)

Pansexuality - a term reflective of those who feel they are sexually,
emotionally, and spiritually capable of falling in love with all genders.
(Queers United Activists)

People/Person of Color - is not a term that refers to real biological or
scientific distinction between people, but the common experience of being
targeted and oppressed by racism. While each oppressed group is affected by
racism differently and each group maintains its own unique identity and culture,
there is also the recognition that racism has the potential to unite oppressed
people in a collective of resistance. For this reason, many individuals who
identify as members of racially oppressed groups also claim the political
identity of being People of Color. This in no way diminishes their specific
cultural or racial identity; rather it is an affirmation of the multiple layers
of identity of every individual. This term also refrains from the subordinate
connotation of triggering labels like “non-White” and “minority.” (Office of
Racial and Ethnic Concerns of Unitarian Universalist Association)

Polyamory - the practice or acceptance of having more than one intimate
relationship at a time with the consent of all involved. (Queers United
Activists)

Prejudice - a pre-judgment or unjustifiable, and usually negative, attitude of
one type of individual or groups toward another group and its members. Such
negative attitudes are typically based on unsupported generalizations (or
stereotypes) that deny the right of individual members of certain groups to be
recognized and treated as individuals with individual characteristics.
(Institute for Democratic Renewal and Project Change)

Privilege - power and advantages benefiting a group derived from the historical
oppression and exploitation of other groups. (University of Maryland)

Queer - term used to refer to people or culture of the lesbian, gay, bisexual,
transgender community. A term once perceived as derogatory is now embraced by
some members of the LGBTQ community. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Race - a social construct that artificially divides people into distinct groups
based on characteristics such as physical appearance, ancestral heritage,
cultural affiliation, cultural history, ethnic classification, and the political
needs of a society at a given period of time. (Adams, Bell and Griffin)

Racial and Ethnic Identity - an individual’s awareness and experience of being a
member of a racial and ethnic group; the racial and the ethnic categories that
an individual chooses to describe him or herself based on such factors as
biological heritage, physical appearance, cultural affiliation, early
socialization, and personal experience. (Adams, Bell and Griffin)

Racial Equity - the condition that would be achieved if one’s racial identity no
longer influenced how one fares. Racial equity is one part of racial justice and
must be addressed at the root causes and not just the manifestations. This
includes the elimination of policies, practices, attitudes, and cultural
messages that reinforce differential outcomes by race or fail to eliminate them.
(Center for Assessment and Policy Development)

Racism - individual and institutional practices and policies based on the belief
that a particular race is superior to others. This often results in depriving
certain individuals and groups of civil liberties, rights, and other resources,
hindering opportunities for social, educational, and political advancement. (The
National Multicultural Institute)

Racism (endorsed by Dismantling Racism Training) - A system of advantage based
on race. A system of oppression based on race. A way of organizing society based
on dominance and subordination based on race. Penetrates every aspect of
personal, cultural, and institutional life. Includes prejudice against people of
color, as well as exclusion, discrimination against, suspicion of, and fear and
hate of people of color. Racism = Prejudice + the POWER to implement that
prejudice. (Exchange Project of the Peace & Development Fund)

Reverse Discrimination - unfair treatment of members of a dominant or majority
group. (Society of Human Resources Management); according to the National
Multicultural Institute, this term is often used by opponents of affirmative
action who believe that these policies are causing members of traditionally
dominant groups to be discriminated against.  The Supreme Court considers it to
be illegal to consider race and other demographic categories in hiring and other
employment related decisions.

Safe Space - a space in which an individual or group may remain free of blame,
ridicule and persecution, and are in no danger of coming to mental or physical
harm. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Sex - system of classification based on biological and physical differences,
such as primary and secondary sexual characteristics. Differentiated from
gender, which is based on the social construction and expectations of the
categories “men” and “women.” (University of Maryland)

Sexual Orientation - the direction of one’s sexual attraction toward the same
gender, opposite gender, or other genders. It is on a continuum and not
necessarily a set of absolute categories. (UC Berkeley Initiative for Equity,
Inclusion, and Diversity)

Social Justice - a vision of society in which the distribution of resources is
equitable and all members are physically and psychologically safe and secure.
Social justice involves social actors who have a sense of their own agency as
well as a sense of social responsibility toward and with others and the society
as a whole (Adams, Bell and Griffin)

Social Power - access to resources that enhance chances of getting what one
needs or influencing others in order to lead a safe, productive, and fulfilling
life. (Adams, Bell and Griffin)

Stereotype - a positive or negative set of beliefs held by an individual about
the characteristics of a certain group. (The National Multicultural Institute)

Tolerance - acceptance and open-mindedness to different practices, attitudes,
and cultures; does not necessarily mean agreement with the differences.
(University of Maryland)

Transgender - an individual whose gender identity differs from the societal
expectations of their physical sex. Transgender or “trans” does not imply any
form of sexual orientation.  Cisgender is a gender identity where an
individual’s self-perception of their gender matches their sex. For example, a
cisgendered female is a female with a female identity. (The National
Multicultural Institute)

White Privilege - refers to the unquestioned and unearned set of advantages,
entitlements, benefits and choices bestowed on people solely because they are
White. White people who experience such privilege may or may not be conscious of
it. (McIntosh)

 

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Center for Student Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (CSDEI)
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2225E

David A. Swope Sr.
Manager, Student Diversity Equity and Inclusion
(630) 942-2565 
Email: swoped28@cod.edu [swoped28@cod.edu]
Office Hours: Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codstudentdei [https://instagram.com/codstudentdei/]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/csdi/terms.pcf]