https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/manufacturing/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

smiling man standing in manufacturing technology lab
[/_resources/img/hero/manufacturingtechnology-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Manufacturing Technology


MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

The Manufacturing Technology program emphasizes basic engineering principles,
technical skills, and identifying and resolving production problems in product
manufacturing.

Degrees and certificates are available in automated manufacturing, drafting and
design, manufacturing technology, manufacturing engineering technology, mold
making and tool and die making. Students will take manufacturing technology
courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/manuf/] in blueprint reading,
industrial design, basic robotics, technical mechanics and quality control.

College of DuPage also has manufacturing technology transfer agreements
[https://cod.edu/academics/transfer/programs/manufacturing-technology.aspx]
available with other colleges and universities, enabling you to transfer to
another institution to earn your bachelor's degree seamlessly and at a lower
cost. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Modern manufacturing jobs require a higher level of skill due to rapidly
evolving technologies. The manufacturing industry now offers better pay, better
working conditions and greater advancement opportunities than ever before. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in manufacturing, planning to transfer to
a four-year institution or updating your skills, College of DuPage has the right
program for you. COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening, weekend and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Partnerships with more than a dozen local manufacturing firms prepare
   students and workers for employment and advancement through apprenticeship
   programs, grants and tuition reimbursement for employees.
 * An Advisory Committee made up of industry professionals ensures that College
   of DuPage’s Manufacturing program offers up-to-date training on equipment and
   in skills that are relevant and in demand by today’s employers.

Degrees


AUTOMATED MANUFACTURING SYSTEMS

The Automated Manufacturing Systems
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/automated-manufacturing-systems-aas/]
Associate in Applied Science degree is designed to prepare the student for
careers in computer-aided manufacturing, robotics and numerical control.


MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY

The Manufacturing Engineering Technology Associate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-engineering-technology-aas/]in
Applied Science degree prepares students for entry-level engineering technician
positions in manufacturing. 


MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY DRAFTING/DESIGN

The Manufacturing Technology Drafting/Design Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-technology-drafting-design-aas/]
degree provides students with a broad background in the areas of machining,
drafting and fluid systems so as to prepare them for entry level positions as
machine operators, machine maintenance personnel and quality control personnel.


MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY

The Manufacturing Technology Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-technology-aas/]
degree program provides training in a wide variety of skill areas of product
manufacturing and services.

Certificates


AUTOMATED MANUFACTURING SYSTEMS

The Automated Manufacturing Systems
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/automated-manufacturing-systems-certificate/]
certificate requires 35 credits.


COMPUTER NUMERICAL CONTROL (CNC) JOB READINESS

The CNC Job Readiness
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/cnc-job-readiness-certificate/]
certificate will provide students with an introduction to and hands-on
experience with workplace safety, precision measurement, print interpretation,
and precision machining.


COMPUTER NUMERICAL CONTROL (CNC) OPERATIONS

The CNC Operations
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/cnc-operations-certificate/]
certificate teaches students operations of Computer Numerical Control (CNC)
controlled machining and turning centers. The CNC Operations Certificate
requires 17 credits


COMPUTER-AIDED DESIGN

The Computer-Aided Design
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/computer-aided-design-certificate/]
certificate requires 24 credits.


DRAFTING/DESIGN

The Drafting/Design
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/draftingdesign-certificate/]
certificate prepares students for careers in the drafting and computer-aided
design areas. The certificate requires 38 credits.


MANUFACTURING SKILLS STANDARD

The Manufacturing Skills Standard
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-skills-standards-certificate/]
certificate provides the technical knowledge required for achievement of the
Manufacturing Skills Standards Council (MSSC) certification and requires seven
credits.


MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY

The Manufacturing Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-technology-certificate/]
certificate provides training in a wide variety of skill areas of product
manufacturing and services. This certificate provides a foundation for the four
degree options in the program: Automated Manufacturing Systems, Drafting/Design,
Manufacturing Technology and Manufacturing Engineering Technology.


MOLD MAKING

The Mold Making
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/mold-making-certificate/]
certificate requires 31 credits.


TOOL AND DIE MAKING

The Tool and Die
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/tool-die-making-certificate/]
certificate requires 31 credits.


COD STORIES

Filip Bednarz [/about/stories/students/images/filip_bednarz.jpg]

"It was a journey for me, working full time and going to COD four days a week.
But COD was there all the way with me, helping me and even helping me get a
position in a company where I could have a career.” - Filip Bednarz

Filip's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bednarz.aspx]


COD STORIES

Maria Rivera [/about/stories/students/images/maria_rivera.jpg]

"One of my goals was to begin a new career in the electronics field, and COD
helped me meet all my goals by opening up opportunities with my current employer
to work in the electronics department. The program was challenging and
interesting, and COD has incredible, caring staff that assists students every
step of the way.” - Maria Rivera

Maria's COD Story [/about/stories/students/rivera.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sam Kaufman [/about/stories/students/images/samuel_kaufman.jpg]

"Whether you’re just out of high school or have been working in industry for
years, the skills that you’ll gain in classes at COD will be valuable for the
rest of your life." - Sam Kaufman

Sam's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kaufman.aspx]


COD STORIES

Robert Fultz [/about/stories/students/images/robert_fultz.jpg]

"I get to work with machines that cost more than a house, computer software that
is more expensive than a car and make parts that have tolerances smaller than a
human hair.” - Robert Fultz

Robert's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fultz.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in manufacturing technology is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Automated Manufacturing Systems, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/automated-manufacturing-systems-aas/]
 * Automated Manufacturing Systems, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/automated-manufacturing-systems-certificate/]
 * CNC Operations, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/cnc-operations-certificate/]
 * Computer-Aided Design, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/computer-aided-design-certificate/]
 * Drafting/Design, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/draftingdesign-certificate/]
 * Manufacturing Engineering Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-engineering-technology-aas/]
 * Manufacturing Skills Standards, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-skills-standards-certificate/]
 * Manufacturing Technology Drafting/Design, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-technology-drafting-design-aas/]
 * Manufacturing Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-technology-aas/]
 * Manufacturing Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/manufacturing-technology-certificate/]
 * Mold Making, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/mold-making-certificate/]
 * Tool and Die Making, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/manufacturing-technology/tool-die-making-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Manufacturing Technology Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate knowledge of basic OSHA requirements, general shop safety, and
   machine tool safety procedures
 * Interpret basic part prints and/or technical drawing including Geometric
   Dimensioning & Tolerancing (GD & T) and apply the information as it relates
   to gauging, dimensioning, and tolerancing.
 * Apply a working knowledge of basic measuring and inspection tools and use
   appropriate measuring devises to confirm a part’s compliance to required
   specifications including GD&T symbols.
 * Perform mathematical calculations that result in production parts that meet
   specific industry standards and specifications.
 * Demonstrate entry-level skills to setup and operate machine tools.
 * Interpret CNC G & M code programs and apply editing procedures as needed.
 * Use basic communication skills (reading, writing, speaking, and listening) to
   understand technical manuals and written work instructions while interacting
   within a team/group environment.

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Jim Tumavich, Chair
Email: tumavich@cod.edu [tumavich@cod.edu]

Tom Lanagan, Instructor
Email: lanagant@cod.edu [lanagant@cod.edu]

Peter Deeman, Program Advisor
Email: deemanp@cod.edu [deemanp@cod.edu]

Dan Jacobson, Program Support Specialist
Email: jacobsond@cod.edu [ jacobsond@cod.edu]

Business and Applied Technology Division
[/academics/divisions/business-technology/index.aspx]
Technical Education Center (TEC), Room 1034
(630) 942-2592




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several manufacturing technology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/manufacturing-technology.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
gear icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/career-and-technical.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_5

Career and Technical



Apply Now [http://admissions.cod.edu]

Contact Manufacturing Technology
[/academics/programs/manufacturing/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/manufacturing/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/manufacturing/index.pcf]