https://www.cod.edu/about/police_department/emergency_response.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

emergency response image
[/_resources/img/hero/street-scene-emergency-responders-police-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Police
Department [https://www.cod.edu/about/police_department/]Emergency Response


EMERGENCY RESPONSE

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Campus Incident Log [/about/police_department/incident_log.aspx]
 * Campus Security Report, Violence Prevention Plan and Statistics
   [/about/police_department/statistics.aspx]
 * COD Alerts [/about/police_department/alert_systems.aspx]
 * Emergency Response [/about/police_department/emergency_response.aspx]
 * Locations and Staff [/about/police_department/staff.aspx]

Emergencies, disasters, accidents and injuries can occur at any time and without
warning. Being prepared physically and mentally to handle emergencies is an
individual as well as an organizational responsibility. The Faculty and Staff
Emergency Response Handbook is posted in every room of each college building.
This handbook is intended for use by faculty, staff and students of College of
DuPage. It has been designed to provide a quick reference in cases of emergency.
All employees should become familiar with its contents. In addition to this
handbook, there are detailed evacuation plans and shelter diagrams in most rooms
and open areas to give direction during emergencies. The more prepared you are,
the better you will respond to an emergency situation. Direct any specific
questions or comments about this material to College of DuPage Police Department
Administration at ext. 2000.


EMERGENCY TELEPHONE NUMBERS


GLEN ELLYN

For all campus emergencies dial the Police at ext. 2000. (If the line is busy on
a second try, dial "911".)


NAPERVILLE, WESTMONT AND ALL OTHER LOCATIONS

Dial "911" for LOCAL police and medical emergencies. 


EMERGENCY SITUATIONS

Injury Emergency

A medical emergency is an injury or illness that requires immediate medical
attention.


GLEN ELLYN CAMPUS

Call the COD Police at ext. 2000.


OTHER COD LOCATIONS

Call 911.

While you wait for help to arrive, do the following:

 * Provide first aid to the best of your ability.
 * Use precautions to prevent your exposure to bodily fluids.
 * Refrain from moving the patient unless it is necessary for safety reasons.
 * If you determine that the patient is unresponsive, begin cardiopulmonary
   resuscitation (CPR). Perform hands-only CPR if not trained. For CPR training
   go to redcross.org [https://www.redcross.org/].
 * If possible, identify any medication the patient is prescribed.

Report all injuries to the COD Police. If necessary, notify Risk Management by
calling ext. 2993.

Active Violence

Active violence includes, but is not limited to, shootings, knife attacks,
vehicle attacks and use of improvised explosive devices. Advance warning of a
violent incident is unlikely.

At all COD locations, call 911 if you can. Provide a description of the threat
and direction of travel, as well as locations of casualties.

 * Run—Evacuate to a safe area, off campus and away from danger, and take
   protective cover. Notify anyone you encounter to do the same.
 * Hide—If not safe to evacuate, go to the nearest room.
   * Lock and block the doors.
   * Turn off the lights.
   * Stay away from doors and windows.
   * Keep quiet. Silence your phone.
   * Prepare to neutralize the threat, if the threat enters your location.
   * Stay there until assistance arrives.
 * Fight—If unable to evacuate or hide, neutralize the threat by overwhelming
   and overpowering the threat. Fight with everything you have in order to save
   your life.

Bomb Threat

All bomb threats must be taken seriously. Immediately contact the COD Police at
ext. 2000.

If a bomb threat is received by telephone:

 * Remain calm, keep the caller on the phone. Do not hang up, even if the caller
   does.
 * If your phone has a display, copy the number and/or letters on the window
   display.

Ask the following questions:

 * When is the bomb going to explode?
 * Where is it right now?
 * What kind of bomb is it?
 * What will cause it to explode?
 * Did you place the bomb?
 * Why?
 * What is your address?
 * What is your name?

If possible, write a note to a colleague to call the COD Police, or, as soon as
the caller hangs up, immediately notify them yourself.

If the bomb threat is received by handwritten note:

 * Call the COD Police at ext. 2000.
 * Handle the note as minimally as possible.

If the bomb threat is received by email:

 * Call the COD Police at ext. 2000.
 * Do not delete the email.


PERSON-BORNE IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES

If you receive information that an individual may be carrying an explosive
device, or observe a suspected explosive device on someone’s person:

 * Avoid eye contact.
 * Stand back, don’t approach.
 * Notify the COD Police at ext. 2000.
 * Discretely move potential victims.
 * Don’t take action to physically restrain the individual.

Crisis Management
 * Become familiar with the areas you use. Before an incident occurs, know your
   evacuation route and where to take shelter depending on the emergency.
 * STAY CALM. Do not make the situation worse. Do not let people take foolish
   chances. Others will respond as you do. Set the example.
 * Control the flow of information. Evaluate what is most essential and forward
   only that. Have a plan to disseminate: What, Who, How, When, etc.
 * If you find yourself in charge of an area, delegate duties. Clearly
   communicate your needs and trust others to do their part. This will aid
   others who need to feel useful.
 * Use plain language during a crisis. Everyone will be under stress. Keep
   things simple and straightforward.
 * Be aware of those around you. Aid those who you can without added risk.
   Follow instructions when they are relayed.
 * Talk to each other. Simply talking to each other and discussing what could
   happen and how to respond prepares us for crisis.
 * Remember personalities. Stress, fear, fatigue and anger might be present in
   those around you. Be prepared to deal with human nature. Do not let it
   frustrate you.

Data Compromise or Breach

Data breaches may occur when:

 * An employee accidentally clicks on a link in an email, introducing malware.
 * A hacker sends a bogus email asking your accounting department to change the
   wiring instructions for payment to an important vendor, and the money
   disappears after being deposited into a fraudulent bank account.
 * Someone pretending to be a company executive calls and asks your accounting
   department to change the payroll deposit details for the exec, and requires
   an email confirming the particulars.
 * A denial-of-service (DoS) attack prevents customers from access.

Prevent data compromises and breaches:

 * Beware of phishing emails.
 * Verify the sender before releasing sensitive information, wiring funds or
   changing account information.

What to do if you suspect a data compromise or data breach:

 * Notify Information Technology by calling (630) 942-2470.
 * Unplug your machine if you suspect it has been infected by a virus.

Earthquake


INSIDE A BUILDING

 * Drop down to the ground onto your hands and knees, so the earthquake doesn’t
   knock you down. Cover your head and neck with your arms to protect yourself
   from falling debris.
 * If you are in danger from falling objects, and you can move safely, crawl for
   additional cover under a sturdy desk or table.
 * If there is low furniture or an interior wall or corner nearby, and the path
   is clear, these may also provide some additional cover.
 * Stay away from glass, windows, outside doors and walls, and anything that
   could fall, such as light fixtures or furniture.
 * Hold on to any sturdy covering so you can move with it until the shaking
   stops. Stay where you are until the shaking stops.


OUTDOORS

 * Move away from buildings, streetlights and utility wires.
 * Drop, cover and hold on.
 * Stay there until the shaking stops.


DRIVING

 * Pull over to the side of the road and stop.
 * Avoid overpasses, underpasses, power lines and other hazards.
 * Stay inside the vehicle until the shaking is over.

Evacuation

Certain emergencies, such as fire, bomb threats or hazardous material incidents
might require evacuation of College facilities.

If evacuation is required, a notification will be made using the College’s
public address system, COD Alerts and email.


WHEN EVACUATION IS REQUIRED

 * Remain calm.
 * Collect personal belongings ONLY if doing so does not expose you to
   unnecessary risk.
 * Calmly exit the building.
 * Once outside, stay away from the College buildings.
 * Wait for additional instructions from law enforcement or College officials.
 * Do not re-enter until an all-clear message is broadcast on the College’s
   public address system.

Evacuation of the Mobility Impaired

When evacuation is required, individuals with mobility impairments, who are not
on the ground floor, may need assistance.


INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES

Individuals with disabilities might impair rapid building evacuation. Examples
include those who are blind or deaf, or whose mobility is restricted by use of
walkers or crutches. Assistance to individuals with disabilities can be provided
by guiding them to a stairwell, waiting until a clear passage is established,
and helping them down or up the stairs to the designated meeting area.


NON-AMBULATORY INDIVIDUALS

 * Non-ambulatory individuals are those with disabilities that require the use
   of wheelchairs. To assist those individuals, proceed as follows:
 * In Glen Ellyn call the COD Police at ext. 2000. Provide as much information
   as possible. Most importantly, provide the individual’s location.
 * Move the impaired individual near the stairwell and await assistance if there
   is no immediate danger within the vicinity of the stairs.
 * If not possible to evacuate the individual and the hazard becomes life
   threatening, move the individual into a room that provides shelter and close
   the door. Notify the COD Police of the location of the individual as soon as
   possible.
 * If evacuation is deemed necessary, attempt to gain volunteer assistance and
   proceed to evacuate by way of the established route.

NOTE: In the case of fire or other emergency situations that might affect
electricity, DO NOT USE ELEVATORS for evacuation.

If the entire Glen Ellyn campus needs immediate evacuation, there will be a lag
time for some individuals with disabilities to arrange for immediate
transportation. These individuals should be relocated to a single location until
arrangements can be made for their transportation off campus.


FOR A MAIN CAMPUS LOCATION

Individuals with disabilities should be relocated to the Main Cafeteria, Student
Resource Center (SRC), Room 1140. West campus location: Homeland Security
Education Center (HEC) lobby.


FOR AN OFF-CAMPUS SITE

Individuals with disabilities should be relocated by the campus fleet vehicles
to St. James the Apostle Church, 480 Park Blvd., Glen Ellyn. If the facility is
not open at the time, college fleet buses can be used as temporary shelter for
those in need.

Explosion

Immediately evacuate the building using established evacuation routes while
remaining alert for other potential threats. Move away from buildings and
parking lots.

Account for all building or room occupants. Do not disturb, move or touch any
suspicious boxes or packages.

In Glen Ellyn, call the COD Police, ext. 2000, or dial 911 at other locations.
If the COD Police line is busy after a second attempt, dial 911. Provide as much
information as possible, and if it is safe to do so, stay on the line with the
dispatcher.

Other locations should, in addition to dialing 911, call the COD Police at (630)
942-2000.

 

Fire
 * Upon discovering fire, smoke or an explosion in the building, stay calm and
   activate the nearest Fire Alarm.
 * On the Glen Ellyn campus call the Police at ext. 2000; other locations dial
   "911" for the fire department. Be prepared to give information on location,
   size and cause of the incident, as well as the nature of injuries.
 * Follow posted room evacuation routes and account for all occupants of the
   room. DO NOT USE ELEVATORS, as electrical power might be cut off.
 * If trapped in a room, retreat and close as many doors as possible between you
   and the fire. Place cloth material around/under the door to stop smoke from
   coming in. Signal from windows, but DO NOT break the glass unless absolutely
   necessary.
 * Provide assistance to mobility-impaired individuals. If necessary, notify the
   Police at ext. 2000 of special assistance needs.
 * If the fire is beyond the means at your disposal (local fire extinguishers),
   do not stay to fight the fire.
 * If forced to travel through smoke, stay low and breath shallowly using a
   shirt or jacket as a filter.
 * If a closed door feels hot to the touch, DO NOT OPEN IT.
 * Do not attempt to re-enter the building or leave the campus until accounted
   for and/or instructed to do so. 

Hazardous Material Spills

Preplanning is essential when working with chemicals and other hazardous
materials. Know what substances are in your work area and the dangers that they
present. Detailed
safety procedures are located in all campus laboratories where dangerous
materials are used and stored.

Call the COD Police, ext. 2000; other locations, dial Police at “911.” Be
prepared to describe:

 * Location and type of spill
 * Injuries
 * Approximate amount of material involved
 * Any identifiable reaction
 * Who was in contact with spilled substance

Do not walk into or touch any spilled material.

 * Avoid inhaling fumes, smoke and vapors.

Isolate the area by sealing it off or closing doors.

 * Extinguish open flames.
 * Notify people in neighboring offices and classrooms.
 * If necessary, request that Facilities shut off the ventilation system by
   calling ext. 4440.
 * Most chemicals are odorless so remember just because you can’t smell it
   doesn’t mean it’s not harming you.

Evacuate the affected area or building and do not re-enter the area until told
to do so by authorized emergency personnel.

Account for students and employees in your area.

If direct contact is made with a spilled substance, immediately remove
contaminated clothing. Flush any point of bodily contact with plenty of water
for at least 15 minutes. Report the injury using the guidelines as described in
this chart under Medical Emergency.

Hostage Situation

Immediately evacuate the building if this action does not put you in greater
danger. Carefully avoid the attention of those taking hostages.

If personally involved in a hostage crisis:

 * Take no action to intervene.
 * Remain calm.
 * Obey the hostage taker’s orders. Do not become antagonistic or
   confrontational.
 * Be courteous and polite.
 * Do not debate, argue or discuss political issues.
 * Speak in a normal voice.
 * Keep movement to a minimum.
 * Locate students and yourself as far away from windows, doors and the hostage
   taker as possible.
 * Inform hostage taker of any medical conditions.
 * If there is a law enforcement person in the room, do not point them out to
   anyone.
 * Attempt to notify the COD Police by calling ext. 2000, or 911, but not if
   doing so places lives at risk.
 * If the police enter the room, get as low to the ground as possible.

Mental Health Emergency


EMERGENCY

In the event of a mental health emergency constituting an immediate threat to
self or others, call ext. 2000 if on the Glen Ellyn campus and 911 if off
campus.


NON-EMERGENCY

 * Stay calm.
 * Give undivided attention.
 * Be empathetic and non-judgmental. Don’t argue.
 * Be caring and concerned.
 * Respect personal space.
 * If in Glen Ellyn, notify the Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
   office by calling ext. 2259.
 * If the situation escalates, contact the COD Police at ext. 2000. All other
   COD locations, call 911.


CONCERNING BEHAVIORS TO WATCH FOR

 * Drastic changes in behavior
 * Significant changes in academic or work performance
 * Changes in hygiene, speech, attentiveness or social interaction
 * Changes in eating or sleeping patterns
 * Excessive drinking or drug use
 * Severe loss of emotional control
 * Excessively morbid, violent or depressing themes in written assignments
 * Expression of suicidal or violent thoughts

Report concerning behaviors to the Behavioral Intervention Team (BIT) by
submitting a Student Concern/Incident Report
[https://cm.maxient.com/reportingform.php?CollegeofDuPage&layout_id=0] or by
calling ext. 3224.

Suspicious Packages
 * Do not touch, handle, shake, open, empty or move the item.
 * Do not use a cell phone or two-way radios, as they can trigger a potential
   explosive device.
 * Leave the immediate area; direct others to do the same.
 * In Glen Ellyn, notify the COD Police by calling ext. 2000. At other COD
   locations, call 911.
 * Wash any exposed skin areas with soap and water. Remove any contaminated
   clothing and seal it in a plastic bag.


SIGNS OF SUSPICIOUS PACKAGES

 * No return address
 * Excessive postage
 * Stains
 * Strange odor
 * Strange sounds
 * Unexpected delivery
 * Poor handwriting
 * Misspelled words
 * Incorrect titles
 * Foreign postage
 * Restrictive notes

Tornado/Severe Weather

WATCH: Conditions are favorable for the development of severe weather in the
area.

WARNING: Life-threatening weather has been observed or detected by radar, and is
a substantial threat to the area.

 * Listen for instructions from the College’s PA system.
 * Remain calm.
 * Move to a place of safety. Lead students/employees by following directions
   posted in the room. Account for all students and employees in your area.
 * Stay indoors, away from windows and large, unsupported ceilings.
 * If outside, take shelter inside the nearest building.
 * After the storm has passed, in Glen Ellyn call the campus police, ext. 2000;
   other locations dial Police at “911” to report any injuries or damage to
   buildings.
 * If the building is severely damaged, evacuate the building as soon as
   possible after the storm has passed.

Utility Failures


IN GLEN ELLYN

In case of a utility failure (electrical, water, gas or telephone), notify
Facilities at ext. 4440 or COD Police at ext. 2000.


AT OTHER CAMPUS SITES DIAL

 * For GAS leaks or outages: (888) 642-6748
 * For ELECTRIC outages: (800) 334-7661
 * For PHONE outages, attempt to make notification by use of the college
   computer network.
 * For WATER outages, contact the local Public Works Department.


POWER OUTAGE

 * Remain calm, move cautiously to a lighted area, and listen for instructions
   from PA announcements.
 * In laboratories, secure all electrical equipment, fully close fume hoods and
   shut off any gases.
 * Re-enter ONLY when directed by the COD Police.


GAS LEAKS

 * Evacuate and stay far away from buildings.
 * In laboratories, secure all electrical equipment, fully close fume hoods and
   shut off any gases.
 * Re-enter ONLY when directed by the COD Police.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Police Department
Police Department Dispatch
Open 24 hours 7 days a week.
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 2100
(630) 942-2000
Email: mullin@cod.edu [mullin@cod.edu]

Police Department Office
Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center (HEC), Room 1040
(630) 942-2000


RESOURCES

 * Alarm System Sounds [/about/police_department/alarm_system_sounds.aspx]
 * Community Training and Outreach Videos [/about/police_department/videos.aspx]
 * Reporting Criminal Acts and Emergencies
   [/about/police_department/reporting_crime.aspx]
 * Safety Tips [/about/police_department/safety_tips.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/police_department/emergency_response.pcf]