https://www.cod.edu/registration/permit-registration.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students talking together outside
[/_resources/img/hero/students-talking-outside-wall.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Registration Services
[https://www.cod.edu/registration/]


PERMIT REQUIRED REGISTRATION

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Planning and myACCESS Assistance
   [/registration/myaccess-student-planning.aspx]
 * Registration Information [/registration/registration-information.aspx]
 * Appeals Information [/registration/appeals-information.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Registration Forms [/registration/forms/index.aspx]
   * Audit Enrollment Change Request
     [/registration/forms/audit-enrollment-change.aspx]
   * Cooperative Agreement Request
     [/registration/forms/cooperative-agreement.aspx]
   * Dual Credit Roster Change Request
     [/registration/forms/dual-credit-roster-change-request.aspx]
   * Late Withdrawal Appeal [/registration/forms/late-withdrawl-appeal.aspx]
   * Medical Appeal [/registration/forms/medical-appeal.aspx]
   * Permit to Register [/registration/forms/permit-to-register.aspx]
   * Tuition Appeal [/registration/forms/tuition-appeal.aspx]
 * Newly Added Courses [/aspcod/updatedclass/course_sections.asp]
 * Permit Information [/registration/permit-registration.aspx]
 * District 502 Residency [/registration/district-502-residency.aspx]
 * CAREER consortium [/registration/career-consortium.aspx]

On certain occasions a permit may be required for a student to register for a
class. Permits are requested by the student through myACCESS and approved or
issued by the instructor.



How to Request a Permit [/registration/pdf/how-to-request-permit.pdf]




TYPES OF PERMITS


ENROLL LATE

Students who would like to register late for a course with OPEN seats may
request an Enroll Late permit from the instructor. If the request is approved,
the student must register for the course online or contact the Office of Student
Registration Services for assistance. A $10 late registration fee will be
charged for each class that requires a late registration permit. Students are
responsible for making up any missed coursework associated with a late
registration. Students may not be enrolled after midterm
[/student-services/important-dates.aspx] unless they were previously enrolled in
the class and are obtaining re-entry after being dropped. If the class becomes
FULL before the student enrolls, the student will need also need to request a
permit to overload the class.

 * Permit expiration: 3-business days after issued


OVERLOAD FULL CLASS

Students who would like to to request permission to register for a FULL class
may request an Overload permit after the first day of class when the waitlist
has expired. If the request is approved, the student must contact the Office of
Student Registration Services to register for the class. The $10 Enroll late
permit and fee will be applied. Note: if a student is first on the waitlist,
they may email the instructor directly to request a manual e-permit before class
begins (while the waitlist is still active).

 * Permit expiration: 1-business day after issued; if issued with a permit to
   enroll late the 3-business day expiration will apply. 


PETITION OR INSTRUCTOR CONSENT REQUIRED

Students must request a permit from the instructor to enroll in classes
requiring “Instructor Consent” or “Granted Petition” for all students. This is
not a Prerequisite Override. If the request is approved, the student
must contact the Office of Student Registration Services to register for the
class. If permitted after class begins, the $10 Enroll late permit and fee
applies.

 * Permit expiration: Expires end of term; if issued with a permit to enroll
   late the 3-business day expiration will apply.


PREREQUISITE OVERRIDE

If a student wishes to enroll in a class but unmet prerequisites are preventing
registration, they may request permission from the instructor to enroll if “or
Consent of Instructor” is indicated following the list of prerequisites in the
course details.  If the request is approved, the student must contact the Office
of Student Registration Services to register for the class. If permitted after
class begins, the $10 Enroll late permit and fee applies.

 * Permit expiration: Expires end of term; if issued with a permit to enroll
   late the 3-business day expiration will apply.


AUDIT

The student will register first as a graded class. Next, the student must
request a permit to Audit from the instructor, and complete the Audit Enrollment
Change Request form [/registration/forms/audit-enrollment-change.aspx]. If the
permit request is approved contact Student Registration Services to initiate the
change. This change cannot be made after midterm and it cannot be reversed after
it has been made. Changing to audit will result in an additional fee per credit
hour. Visit the Tuition and Fees page [/costs/tuition/index.aspx] for cost to
Audit. Read more about Audits [/registration/registration-information.aspx]

 * Permit expiration: Midterm of the class 


REQUESTING AND APPROVING STEPS

How to Request a Permit

The request a permit feature availability varies for each type of permit. If you
are unable to request the permit in myACCESS, email the instructor directly.

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-request-permit.pdf]:

 1. Log into inside.cod.edu
 2. Click on the arrow next to “myACCESS for Students”
 3. Click on the “Registration” heading and from the drop-down menu, select
    “Request a Permit.”
 4. Select the Term and Subject from the drop-down menu. Next, enter the 4-digit
    Course Number and Section Number. If the section number is preceded by NET,
    VCM, HYB, HON or any other characters you must include these. For example,
    if requesting a permit for ENGLI 1101 NET02 you would enter the section as
    “NET02.” Click submit.
 5. On the next screen Choose a Permit Reason. Make sure you select the correct
    type of permit. Then enter your Phone Number and Comments. Click submit.
 6. Your request will be sent directly to the instructor, response times will
    vary. Continue checking your dupage.edu email for approval/denial.
 7. If approved, you must register online or contact Student Registration
    Services for assistance before the permit expires.

Custom course types - students are unable to request a permit in myACCESS for
custom courses. To request a permit for a custom class a student must email the
instructor directly and the instructor will issue a manual e-permit if approved.


TO REGISTER FOR MORE THAN 19 CREDIT HOURS

(Overload Class Schedule)

Students may take up to 19 credit hours a semester. If a student wishes to
overload their class schedule beyond this, they must contact Counseling and
Advising to request permission. If approved, permission will be noted on the
student record by the Counselor and the student may then register online or with
assistance from Registration staff.

Instructors – How to send a manual e-permit

How to send a manual e-permit for custom course types or situations when the
request a permit feature is unavailable in myACCESS.

 1. Log into the portal inside.cod.edu
 2. Go to the Menu (3 bars in the upper left corner) and navigate to the Team
    Sites. Scroll down to Registration Services and look in the Permits section
    for the e-permit pdf. Complete the form and email it as an attachment to
    addpermit@cod.edu [addpermit@cod.edu] from your cod.edu email. An e-permit
    pdf is also available in the forms library.
 3. Notify the student that the permit has been sent so they may contact Student
    Registration Services to enroll.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Registration Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2221
Phone: (630) 942-2377
Email: registration@cod.edu [registration@cod.edu]

Regular Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Student Help Desk: (630) 942-2999

Individuals who need language assistance, call Campus Central at (630) 942-3000
or email campuscentral@cod.edu [campuscentral@cod.edu].

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/registration/permit-registration.pcf]