https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/tobacco-free.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students outdoors studying
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-students-src-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Administration
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/]Consumer Information
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/]


TOBACCO FREE

In an effort to provide a cleaner and safer learning environment, enhance the
COD campus experience and promote health and well-being among COD students,
employees and visitors as well as greater community, College of DuPage joins
more than 1,500 campuses in the nation with a campus-wide tobacco ban.


TOBACCO-FREE POLICY

College of DuPage prohibits the use of all tobacco products, including
cigarettes, cigars, pipes, smokeless tobacco and electronic cigarettes on
College of DuPage campus and COD Center campuses. In addition to all buildings,
it applies to all outside property and grounds and College-owned vehicles. There
is a $15 fine for using tobacco on campus.




FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Why is College of DuPage Tobacco Free?

COD takes very seriously the health and safety of its employees, students and
campus visitors. Research continues to show that the use of cigarettes,
smokeless tobacco and tobacco use in general, including secondhand smoke,
constitutes a significant health risk. The U.S. Surgeon General has determined
that the health effects of secondhand smoke are even more pervasive than
previously thought. In addition to the health related illnesses, the use of
tobacco products contributes to the institutional costs in other ways such as
cleaning and maintenance costs, fire damage and costs associated with
absenteeism, health care and medical insurance costs. For these reasons, College
of DuPage went tobacco free as of August 6, 2012.

Instead of moving to Tobacco Free, why didn't the College enforce the previous
policy of no smoking within 25 feet of the marked doorways?

The College has received many complaints about the designated smoking rule from
students, employees and community members who have to walk through those areas
in order to enter the building. Those employees who suffer from respiratory
illnesses or who are otherwise adversely affected by walking through these smoky
areas have been complaining about their increased health risks. In addition,
according to the World Health Organization, there is no safe level of secondhand
smoke and the only effective way to protect others is to establish 100% smoke
free environments.

What does Tobacco Free mean?

Tobacco Free means that College of DuPage prohibits the use of all tobacco
products, including cigarettes, cigars, pipes, smokeless tobacco and electronic
cigarettes on College of DuPage campus and satellite campuses. In addition to
all buildings, it applies to all outside property and grounds and College owned
vehicles.

Isn’t it my right to use tobacco?
Tobacco is a legal product that can be purchased and possessed at the discretion
of any adult. However, the use of tobacco is subject to restrictions as
evidenced by the number of restrictions that have been put in place by state
laws as well as businesses and organizations throughout the state and the
country. COD is not taking away anyone’s right to smoke or purchase or possess
tobacco products. However, people are not be allowed to use them on campus.
Can I smoke in my car if it’s parked on campus?
 Yes, while use of tobacco products is prohibited on College of DuPage property,
students, employees and community members may smoke inside their own vehicles as
long as the doors and windows of the vehicle remain closed.
Are there any other Tobacco-Free colleges or universities?

According a list compiled by Americans for Non-Smokers' Rights
[http://www.no-smoke.org/pdf/smokefreecollegesuniversities.pdf], as of July 1,
2015, there are at least 1,577 completely smoke-free college and university
campuses nationwide. Of these, 1,079 are 100 percent tobacco-free and 710
prohibit the use of e-cigarettes anywhere on campus.

Won’t this policy affect enrollment?

No. Surveys consistently show that most students would prefer to attend a
tobacco-free college. There is no evidence that enrollment has declined at any
of the institutions that have adopted a tobacco-free policy.

 
Does the policy apply to visitors on campus?
 Yes, organizers and attendees at public events, such as conferences, meetings,
lectures, social events, sporting events and customers at the Wheat Café and the
Inn at Water’s Edge, and the MAC are required to comply with the Tobacco-Free
policy. Organizers of those events are responsible for communicating the policy
to attendees.
If I have additional questions or concerns about this issue, who do I contact?
Contact the Dean of Students office at (630) 942-2485 or deanofstudents@cod.edu
[deanofstudents@cod.edu]. 


SMOKING CESSATION RESOURCES

 * American Lung Association [http://www.lung.org]
 * Centers for Disease Control Office on Smoking and Health
   [http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco]
 * American Heart Association [http://www.heart.org]
 * Office of the Surgeon General Tobacco Cessation Guidelines
   [https://www.hhs.gov/surgeongeneral/reports-and-publications/tobacco/index.html]


FOR COD BENEFITED EMPLOYEES

 * Go to www.bcbsil.com [http://www.bcbsil.com] and click on Personal Health
   Manager to find information/resources to quit smoking.
 * Contact our Employee Assistance Program at (630) 653-4218.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/tobacco-free.pcf]