https://www.cod.edu/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg]/

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /


STEPS TO ENROLLMENT

Scroll down for the five steps to enrollment at College of DuPage.

 

Whether you are a recent high school graduate, a student looking to transfer to
a four-year institution, a working adult seeking to update your skills or a
student searching for a new career, College of DuPage has something for you.

Complete the steps to enrollment to become a new student at COD. If you have
questions about your next step in the enrollment process, contact an Admissions
and Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx] representative.


1. GET ADMITTED AND EXPLORE FINANCIAL AID OPTIONS

Admission at College of DuPage is open to anyone who is a high school graduate,
has earned a GED or HSE or is at least 18-years-old.

 * Submit your online admissions application [https://admissions.cod.edu/].
 * Once you submit your application, we will create your COD Username and send
   it to your personal email. An email titled “COD Student Portal Username” will
   contain your COD Username and information on setting up your password and
   accessing your student email account.
 * Setup your student email account
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]. 
 * Learn about tuition and fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx].
 * Apply for financial aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx] and explore
   scholarship options [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx] to help you pay for
   tuition, fees and books.
 * Visit COD on campus or virtually [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]to get
   familiar with the campus.


ADMISSIONS CHECKLIST

 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Setup Password for InsideCOD Student Portal [https://inside.cod.edu]
 * Setup Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Follow COD on Social Media
   
   https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage https://twitter.com/CollegeDuPage
   https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom
   https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/

 


2. DETERMINE PLACEMENT


READING/WRITING PLACEMENT

COD uses multiple measures to ensure you are placed in the correct course level.
Submit one of the items under Placement Options
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx] to
determine your reading/writing placement. While an unofficial transcript can
waive the prerequisite requirements, you may still be required to submit an
official high school transcript [/records/index.aspx] for financial aid
verification. 

If you can't meet the options above to determine your placement, you will need
to complete one of the following free options:

 * Guided self-placement for native English speakers
   [https://adfs.cod.edu/adfs/ls/?wa=wsignin1.0&wtrealm=urn%3ahttps%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu&wctx=https%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu%2f_layouts%2f15%2fAuthenticate.aspx%3fSource%3d%252F&wreply=https%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu%2f_trust%2fdefault.aspx]
   (log on to the Student Portal, click on myACCESS for Students, and then
   Guided Self Placement)
 * Reading and writing placement testing for non-native English speakers
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx] (click
   on the Non-Native English Speakers tab under Placement Options)


MATH PLACEMENT

Students may not be required to take the ALEKS math placement test if they can
meet certain math placement requirements
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx].

Students who are unable to meet any of the above-mentioned requirements MUST
take the ALEKS PPL math placement test. ALEKS PPL is used at College of DuPage
to assess your current math skills, create a personalized learning path to help
refresh and improve your math knowledge and place you into an appropriate math
course based on your best proctored assessment. Mathematical and quantitative
skills are used on a daily basis throughout your personal and professional life.
Placement into the right math course saves time and money. Get started with your
ALEKS placement test
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx].

 


3. MEET WITH A COUNSELOR OR ADVISOR

A counselor or advisor can help you identify courses you need to take and can
help you create an educational plan. Determine your placement before you meet
with a counselor or advisor.

 * Schedule an appointment with a counselor or advisor by calling (630)
   942-2259.
 * Meet with a counselor or advisor every semester to ensure you are in the
   right educational pathway.


COUNSELING AND ADVISING CHECKLIST

 * Schedule Appointment  [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]

 


4. REGISTER FOR CLASSES AND PAY FOR TUITION

Once you’ve met with your counselor and you have established courses you need to
take, review the payment policy
[/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx] and explore payment options.
You can then register for classes online, in-person, by phone or through an app.

 * Review the payment policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   and explore payment options.
 * Register [/registration/index.aspx] for classes.
 * Pay for tuition [/costs/tuition/index.aspx].


REGISTRATION CHECKLIST

 * Review Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
 * Register for Classes [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Pay Tuition [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]

 


5. GET CONNECTED FOR A SUCCESSFUL START

After you've registered for your classes, learn more about student life, student
resources and activities that are available on campus.

 * All first-time in college students are encouraged to enroll in COLLG 1100 –
   College Path QuickStart. This course is an introduction to the first semester
   experience at College of DuPage, designed to assist students in taking
   initial steps toward developing a successful academic path.
 * Sign-up for New Student Orientation
   [/admission/new_student_orientation/index.aspx] (NSO). NSO is available every
   fall and spring semester and is an exciting introduction to everything
   College of DuPage has to offer. 
 * View student and academic resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx] that
   are available to you to help you succeed in your studies.




COD STORIES

Geunho Song [/about/stories/students/images/geunho_song.jpg]

"COD helped me to achieve my personal goal, which was to transfer to a good
university. But more than achieving my personal goal, COD helped me set goals in
my life to go forward." - Geunho Song

Geunho's Story [/about/stories/students/song.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sakina Khan [/about/stories/students/images/sakina-khan.jpg]

"I had heard a lot of good things about the resources that COD offers, and they
were all proven to be true." - Sakina Khan

Sakina's Story  [/about/stories/students/khan-sakina.aspx]


COD STORIES

Brandon Smith [/about/stories/students/images/brandon_smith.jpg]

"The nursing faculty were there to help guide me both academically and
emotionally when I struggled or stumbled." - Brandon Smith

Brandon's Story [/about/stories/students/smith_brandon.aspx]


COD STORIES

Brenda Medina [/about/stories/students/images/brenda_medina.jpg]

“COD helped me improve my skills in everything, whether I was taking a general
math class or my litigation class. I was blessed to have teachers who are not
your regular teachers. They are lawyers or judges who, most importantly, are
passionate about their careers, and that made the world of difference to me." -
Brenda Medina

Brenda's Story [/about/stories/students/medina.aspx]


COD STORIES

Robert Zill [/about/stories/students/images/robert_zill.jpg]

“I’ve had some great teachers at COD who have motivated me to be the best I can
be,” he said. “They really have helped me to develop as a person." - Robert Zill

Robert's Story [/about/stories/students/kelly_terry.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ADMISSIONS CHECKLIST

 * Sign up for NSO [/admission/new_student_orientation/index.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.pcf]