https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/mptv/film.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

male student working with a camera [/_resources/img/hero/mptv-cameraman.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Motion Picture/Television Program
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/mptv/]Film/Video


FILM/VIDEO PROGRAM

The Film and Video Production program is for creative students who want to make
movies, commercials or documentaries. Work on a variety of single-camera
productions and learn essential filmmaker tasks, including scripting and
pre-production, camera and lighting techniques and editing and post-production.

You will have the opportunity to write, direct, shoot and edit your own
narrative movies, such as dramas, comedies and action films. You’ll also learn
how to work on larger productions as part of a filmmaking crew.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Students who dream of working in movies should start with the Film/Video degree
to prepare them to work on several types of single-camera production. First-time
students seeking this degree should start with the following MPTV courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/mptv/]: Film/Video Aesthetics (MPTV 1111)
and Film/Video History (MPTV 1113), as well as the Intro class. Advanced
students should take Pre-Production (MPTV 2031, Emphasis on Film), Film/Video
Directing (MPTV 2133), and Film/Video Production (MPTV 2131).

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

For over 15 years, the Motion Picture/Television program at College of DuPage
has been educating and training students in videography, television, animation
and documentary filmmaking.

As an MPTV student, you'll find:

 * Passionate faculty [/academics/programs/mptv/contact.aspx] with award-winning
   national production credits including Disney, Warner Brothers, Paramount and
   Universal with degrees from top MPTV programs.  
 * Smaller class sizes with hands-on learning.
 * State-of-the-art film and television studio with multi-camera control room,
   lighting grid, chroma-key screen, green room and more.
 * Computer labs with the latest professional, cross-platform software.
 * Audio studios with computers, professional software, mixers and professional
   microphones.
 * Individual computer editing suites for advanced students.
 * Professional HD/SD digital video cameras and extensive support equipment.
 * Internship and employment opportunities with a broad range of employers in
   Chicago and the suburbs.
 * Articulated transfer programs
   [/academics/transfer/programs/motion-picture-television.aspx] with several
   prestigious institutions.

Degrees


FILM/VIDEO PRODUCTION, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Film/Video Production, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/motion-picture-television/film-video-production-aas/]
degree program combines classes in editing, audio, cinematography,
pre-production and directing. This provides students pursuing a bachelor's
degree in film/video production with a two-year foundation of coursework. 

Certificates


MOTION PICTURE/TELEVISION

The Motion Picture/Television certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/motion-picture-television/motion-picture-television-certificate/]program
requires 45 credits to completion. Students will take a variety of classes
including editing, audio, cinematography, pre-production, directing, 3D
animation and more.


COD STORIES

Frances Wilkerson [/about/stories/students/images/frances-wilkerson.jpg]

"COD was the best choice for me because from day one, you are making films.
Theory of filmmaking is taught as well but using that theory with hands-on
experience in every class is what has helped catapult me as a filmmaker." -
Frances Wilkerson

Frances' COD Story [/about/stories/students/wilkerson.aspx]


COD STORIES

Luke Buchanan [/about/stories/students/images/luke_buchanan.jpg]

"For a while, I struggled to find what I actually wanted to do with my career.
Filmmaking is what makes me happy, which is how I know I won’t regret not
pursuing my dreams later down the line.” - Luke Buchanan

Luke's COD Story [/about/stories/students/buchanan.aspx]


COD STORIES

David Baker [/about/stories/students/images/david_baker.jpg]

"The department is set up so that you can get exactly what you want out of it.
The teachers are willing to offer their advice, but they also are willing to
step aside and allow you to figure it out on your own if you so choose.” - David
Baker

David's COD Story [/about/stories/students/baker.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rachel Bass [/about/stories/students/images/rachel_bass.jpg]

"My experience at College of DuPage provided the foundation that is enabling me
to pursue film to greater heights. The faculty is the bomb. If you come to COD
with a purpose, the resources can take you wherever you want to go." - Rachel
Bass

Rachel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bass_rachel.aspx]


COD STORIES

Chris Colucci [/about/stories/students/images/chris_colucci.jpg]

"I feel like I was able to find my true passion within this enormous industry,
and that’s thanks to the amazing people teaching at COD.” - Chris Colucci

Chris' COD Story [/about/stories/students/colucci.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Animation program is to apply for
admission [/admission/index.aspx]. 

Program Course Map Options

Our Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career
goals. Follow a timeline based on your degree that outlines which classes you
need to take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in
your career.

 * Film/Video Production, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/motion-picture-television/film-video-production-aas/#programmaptext]

Program Learning Outcomes for Film and Video Production Degree
 * Plan production of a film/video using pre-production techniques and materials
 * Write and evaluate script for story and production needs
 * Implement professional techniques for directing actors and crew
 * Create a unified visual design for a film/video project
 * Apply visual design rules to techniques used in cinematography and production
   design
 * Organize film/video crews and shoots for production
 * Produce video and audio for the post-production phase of a film/video project
 * Assemble video and audio to completion of film/video projects
 * Plan marketing and distribution of a film/video project

Program Learning Outcomes for Film and Video Production Certificate
 * Plan a production using pre-production techniques and materials
 * Write and evaluate script for story and production needs
 * Implement professional techniques for directing actors and crew
 * Create a unified visual design for a project
 * Apply visual design rules to techniques used in cinematography and production
   design
 * Organize crews and shoots for production
 * Produce video and audio for the post-production phase of projects
 * Assemble video and audio to completion of projects

Where You Can Transfer

College of DuPage has several motion picture/television transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/motion-picture-television.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Film/Video Program [/academics/programs/mptv/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/mptv/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/mptv/film.pcf]