https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

high school students learning in classroom
[/_resources/img/hero/dual-credit-hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]High School
Students
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/]Dual
Credit Program


DUAL CREDIT PROGRAM

The Dual Credit program at College of DuPage allows qualified high school
students the opportunity to enroll in a college-level course and gain high
school and college credit upon successful completion of the course. Students are
able to get a jumpstart on earning college credit and at a lower cost.

By taking dual credit courses, students can experience reduced college costs
with tuition-free courses. They can also:

 * Engage in college curriculum and course work, creating a college-going and
   college-completing culture.
 * Enhance their ability and skill to complete college-level work and gain
   confidence for college success.
 * Decrease time to degree completion and reduce college costs.




HOW DUAL CREDIT WORKS

High school freshmen, sophomore, juniors and seniors who attend a dual credit
high school
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/high-schools/index.aspx]are
eligible to participate in dual credit. All students participating should have
the appropriate skills, academic preparedness and motivation to meet and exceed
the expectations of dual credit courses.

COD offers tutoring support for dual credit courses
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/resources.aspx],
along with accommodations for eligible students with disabilities.


DUAL CREDIT HIGH SCHOOLS

COD has teamed up with high schools surrounding District 502
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/high-schools/index.aspx]
to offer dual credit courses at no charge. Dual credit courses
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/dual-credit-courses.aspx]
are available in accounting, architecture, automotive, cosmetology, fire
science, math, motion/picture television, nursing, photography and more.

Courses are taught at the student's high school by high school teachers who have
met the same hiring credentials as an adjunct professor at the College. Learning
objectives and student learning outcomes for the class are the same as college
courses, even though the class is being taught at the student's high school.


DUAL CREDIT REGISTRATION

All course prerequisites must be met before a student can be enrolled in a dual
credit course. Registration for dual credit courses
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/dual-credit-courses.aspx]
take place at the student's high school during the first week of class with the
high school dual credit instructor.


COD STORIES

Olivia Voegtle [/about/stories/students/images/olivia_voegtle.jpg]

“Sign up for classes that interest you, talk to people and care what they say
back, sign up for clubs and attend seminars. COD is honestly a really vibrant
community if you’re willing to try new things and step out of your comfort
zone.” - Olivia Voegtle

Olivia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/voegtle.aspx]


COD STORIES

Juan Gallegos [/about/stories/students/images/juan_gallegos.jpg]

“My advice to anyone who joins the Culinary Arts program at COD is to not be
afraid to ask questions, as the instructors and your peers have great knowledge
to share. COD helped me gain firsthand experience on how restaurants work and
what to expect in real-world situations." - Juan Gallegos

Juan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gallegos.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kenji Balderas-Sato [/about/stories/students/images/kenji-balderas-sato.jpg]

"For anyone still in high school, I highly suggest taking as much dual credit as
possible." - Kenji Balderas-Sato

Kenji's COD Story [/about/stories/students/balderas-sato.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

If you are a high school student interested in dual credit and don't know where
to start, read through the following list of frequently asked questions. For
more information on dual credit, complete the inquiry form.
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/contact.aspx]

What if I don't do well in the dual credit course?

It is important you do your best in your dual credit course as you are
establishing a college transcript that will contain the course, grade and
credits earned. College of DuPage offers resources for dual credit students
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/resources.aspx]
including tutoring assistance and accommodations for eligible students with
disabilities to help you in your studies. Once the dual credit class is
completed, the course and credits cannot be removed from your college
transcript.

If you want to withdraw from the college course, contact your teacher high
school Dual Credit instructor before the course ends.

Will this course apply the college credits toward my associate degree at COD or
another institution?

College credits earned in the Dual Credit program will count toward your
associate degree. College of DuPage courses transfer to most institutions across
the United States and general education courses transfer easily to other
colleges/universities.

Career and Technical Education courses usually transfer to specific Institutions
within the program area or to other institutions as elective courses fulfilling
credit hour requirements. For more information, visit transferology.com
[https://transferology.com/index.htm] or itransfer.org [https://itransfer.org/]
for Illinois transfer school requirements.

How do I let other colleges and universities know that I have earned college
credit at COD?

You can order a transcript [/records/order-transcripts.aspx] from College of
DuPage and have your transcript sent to the college or university you plan to
attend. 

Is the Dual Credit Program accredited?

All state and federal laws, Illinois Community College Board regulations,
accreditation standards and College of DuPage policies and procedures apply to
college-level courses offered by the college through participating high schools.
Students are required to meet course prerequisites and other college academic
standards.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

Contact Dual Credit
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/contact.aspx]

Dual Credit Courses
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/dual-credit-courses.aspx]

Dual Credit for Educators
[/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/dual-credit-educators.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/index.pcf]