https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/anthropology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students digging in ruins
[/_resources/img/hero/anthropology-arch-field-school.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Anthropology Program


ANTHROPOLOGY PROGRAM

Explore the cultural, physical and prehistorical aspects of human beings in the
Anthropology program and throughout the Archaeological and Bioarchaeological
Field School [/academics/programs/anthropology/field_school/index.aspx]. The
study of anthropology can help you gain a fuller understanding of human behavior
and location so you can understand and interact effectively with other
cultures. 

Many students take anthropology courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/anthr/] as part of their program of study
or take classes with an interest in anthropology to meet their general
educational requirements. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Whether you're interested in learning more about understanding people,
discovering research and evidence or cultural artifacts, students who major in
anthropology have variety of career choices. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates Field School
Why COD

You want to attend a college that stands out from the rest. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/anthropology/contact.aspx] with
   years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing our state-of-the-art anthropology lab, equipment and
   resources. 
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Watch a video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2617984&node=9496765&a=597089309&autoplay=1] to
learn more about anthropology.

Degrees


ANTHROPOLOGY ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The Anthropology, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/anthropology/anthropology-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]
degree combines courses in communication, social and behavioral sciences,
humanities and other areas with anthropology elective courses. This provides
students pursuing a bachelor's degree in anthropology with a two-year foundation
of coursework.


ANTHROPOLOGY ASSOCIATE IN SCIENCE

The Anthropology, Associate in Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/anthropology/anthropology-transfer-pathway-as/]degree
combines courses in communication, mathematics and social and
behavioral sciences. This provide students pursuing a bachelor's degree in
anthropology with a two-year foundation of coursework.

Certificates


BUSINESS ANTHROPOLOGY

The Business Anthropology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/anthropology/business-anthropology-certificate/]
is designed to increase the marketability of individuals interested in working
in cross-cultural and international work environments by sharpening
interpersonal and critical thinking skills. This certificate also provides a
competitive advantage for students seeking placement in a four-year college for
applied anthropology. 

Classes cover a range of anthropological topics including methods, business
anthropology and cultural anthropology, with a focus on holism, critical
thinking and problem solving. 

Field School

Every even-numbered year, the Archaeological and Bioarchaeological Field School
[/academics/programs/anthropology/field_school/index.aspx] provides students
with five weeks of hands-on archaeological research experience. Contact
Professor John Staeck at staeck@cod.edu [staeck@cod.edu] for more information.


COD STORIES

Sharon Grimm [/about/stories/students/images/sharon_grimm.jpg]

"My entire experience at COD helped to shape who I am as a person. I found a
confidence in myself that would carry into earning a bachelor’s degree and
continuing to a rewarding career in research. COD changed my life for the
better, and it will change yours, too." - Sharon Grimm

Sharon's COD Story [/about/stories/students/grimm.aspx]


COD STORIES

Allen Garza [/about/stories/students/images/allen_garza.jpg]

"I knew I wanted to work toward a career I was passionate about and enjoyed. I
also wanted to continue to expand my education, so I thought the best thing for
me to do was to attend my local community college. This would allow me to
explore my interests while also saving money. It turned out to be one of the
best decisions I’ve made in my life." - Allen Garza

Allen's COD Story [/about/stories/students/garza.aspx]


COD STORIES

Vero Barcutean [/about/stories/students/images/vero_barcutean.jpg]

"If students can find a course that offers an opportunity to study abroad, and
they can afford it, they should absolutely go for it." - Vero Barcutean

Vero's COD Story [/about/stories/students/barcutean.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sofia Walendziak [/about/stories/students/images/sofia_walendziak.jpg]

"Some people may think when they get out of high school, they are more than
ready to jump into a four-year university in another city, another state or
another country. But honestly, a community college really gives you the
opportunity to grow up and do so in a safe environment." - Sofia Walendziak

Sofia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/walendziak.aspx]


COD STORIES

Christopher Allen [/about/stories/students/images/christopher_allen.jpg]

"Everyone should be able to go to college, and COD is a great way for those with
busy schedules, fewer means or uncertain paths to be able to get the college
experience. COD gave me the chance to really figure out what I wanted to do with
my life and how to do it." - Christopher Allen

Christopher's COD Story [/about/stories/students/allen.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in anthropology is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Anthropology Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/anthropology/anthropology-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]
 * Anthropology Transfer Pathway, Associate in Science 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/anthropology/anthropology-transfer-pathway-as/#programmaptext]
 * Business Anthropology Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/anthropology/business-anthropology-certificate/#programmaptext]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in anthropology will:

 * Understand the evolutionary origins of human biocultural adaptive systems,
   including language.
 * Understand the past and present variation/diversity of human biocultural
   adaptive systems, including language.
 * Understand the past and present functions of human biocultural adaptive
   systems, including language.
 * Comprehend the dynamics of how human biocultural adaptive systems, including
   language, affect interactions between groups.
 * Understand the application of knowledge of the foregoing to their own lives
   and societies.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several anthropology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/anthropology.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Anthropology
program.

Am I required to take a reading placement test before entering the program?
A reading placement test is not required to enter the program or take an
anthropology course. 
What can I do with a degree in anthropology?

Anthropologists work in every segment of the world's businesses from traditional
roles as teachers and researchers to serving as consultants for fortune 100
companies and national governments. A significant number of students have found
their skills in demand in the fields of management, medicine and education. 

Will anthropology courses fulfill my general education requirements?
Anthropology courses at COD meet the Social and Behavioral Science requirement,
Human Relations requirement and Global/Multicultural Studies requirement. These
courses can be met by taking ANTHR 1100, ANTHR 1101, ANTHR 1000, ANTHR 1125 and
ANTHR 1130.
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Anthropology Program [/academics/programs/anthropology/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/anthropology/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/anthropology/index.pcf]