https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Professor talking to students in class
[/_resources/img/hero/physics-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]New Classes


NEW CLASSES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
   * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/els/]
   * Kaplan International Tools for English Placement Test
     [/academics/programs/els/kite.aspx]
   * Studying with an F-1 Student Visa [/admission/international/index.aspx]
     * Admission Requirements
       [/admission/international/admissions-requirements.aspx]
     * Estimated Expenses [/admission/international/expenses.aspx]
     * English Proficiency [/admission/international/english_proficiency.aspx] 
     * Resources [/admission/international/resources.aspx]
   * Taking Classes for Your Career
     [/academics/programs/els/reading-writing.aspx]
   * Transferring Credits from Your Country
     [/records/international-transcript-evaluation.aspx]
 * Career and Technical Degree and Certificates
   [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
 * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
 * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
 * Learning Outcomes [/academics/programs/general-education-outcomes.aspx]
 * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
 * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
 * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * 3+1 Bachelor's Degree Programs [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx]
   * College Websites and Transfer Information
     [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]
   * Guaranteed Transfer Admission Programs
     [/academics/transfer/guaranteed-transfer-admission.aspx]
   * Program Agreements and Transfer Guides
     [/academics/transfer/programs/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Transfer [/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx]
   * Transfer Application Checklist
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx]
   * Transfer Events and College Visits [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx]
   * Transfer Resources [/academics/transfer/resources.aspx]
   * Transfer Scholarship Opportunities
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-scholarship-opportunities.aspx]

College of DuPage offers a variety of courses for every interest, personality
and skill level. New classes are added to the course listing every semester.
Visit the College of DuPage Course Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/] for more
information on course descriptions.

If you know your major, choose a course that helps fulfill your general
education requirements. If you are unsure about your major, choose a class that
sparks your interest or schedule an appointment
[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx] with a counselor or advisor.


SCREEN PRINTING

ART 2277

An introduction to screen printing processes. Topics include hand-cut,
hand-drawn, and photographic stencils. Studio work in color create editions of
fine art prints. Emphasis is
placed upon the creative use of these printmaking techniques. (6 lab hours)

Prerequisite: ART 1101 or ART 1199 with a grade of C or better, or consent of
instructor.


DISPENSARY OPERATIONS

BUSIN 1180

Introduction to the functions and operations of a cannabis dispensary.
Organization and operation of a dispensary will include customer service, retail
sales, logistics, human resources, and inventory management procedures. (2
lecture hours)

Prerequisite: HORT 1100 or concurrent enrollment in HORT 1100 or consent of
instructor.


CANNABIS LAW AND POLICY

BUSLW 1180

Overview of regulations and legal issues of cannabis cultivation and commerce.
Federal, state and local laws will be discussed. (1 lecture hour)

Prerequisite: HORT 1100 or CRIMJ 1100 or concurrent enrollment in HORT 1100 or
CRIMJ 1100.


INTRODUCTION TO MACHINE LEARNING (ML)

CIT 2640

This course emphasizes instrument rating aeronautical knowledge, including
topics covered in the This course introduce students to a sub-field of
Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML) with analysis of big data.
Discusses classic unsupervised, supervised, and reinforcement learning methods
used in the field of data classification, clustering, and optimization. This
includes k-means, hierarchical clustering, self-organizing maps, linear
regression, decision trees, Naïve Bayes, and optimization techniques such as
genetic algorithms. It will also cover accessing interesting datasets, ideas on
how to collect data from users, and many different ways to analyze and
understand the data once found. (3 lecture hours, 2 lab hours)

Prerequisite: MATH 1635, CIS 1655, and CIS 2532 with a grade of a C or better,
or equivalent, or consent of instructor. Prerequisite: MATH 0465 or MATH 0481
with a grade of C or better, or equivalent, or a qualifying score on the
Mathematics Placement Test, or a qualifying ACT Math score; and AVIAT 1210 with
a grade of C or better; or consent of instructor. Course requires Reading
Placement Category One. Students must be at least 17 years of age.


DIGITAL PATTERN DRAFTING

FASHI 2320

Using industry centered digital pattern making   software, students will create
garment patterns digitally, print out the patterns, and cut and sew the garment
together. Half-scale patterns will be used to review traditional pattern
drafting techniques. Garments created could include a women's top, dress,
pleated skirt, pants, and a garment of their own choosing. Patterns will be used
for grading and making markers. (6 lab hours) Prerequisite: FASHI 1301 with a
grade of C or better, or equivalent, or consent of instructor.

Prerequisite: MATH 0465 or MATH 0481 with a grade of C or better, or equivalent;
or a qualifying score on the Mathematics Placement Test; or a qualifying ACT
Math score. Course requires Reading Placement Category One.


PUBLIC SAFETY TELECOMMUNICATIONS II

FIRE 1182

Students will further develop the skills and abilities necessary to be a
successful 9-1-1 Public Safety Telecommunicator. Using a combination of
classroom and lab exercises, students will learn how to answer and process 9-1-1
calls and related radio traffic. (2 lecture hours, 2 lab hours)

Prerequisite: FIRE 1181 with a grade of C or higher or consent of instructor.


DIAGNOSTIC CODING

HIT 1110

This course introduces the ICD-10-CM code set, coding format and structure,
coding conventions, and guidelines. Students will evaluate medical documentation
and learn how to abstract, assign, and sequence diagnostic codes. (3 lecture
hours)

Prerequisite: Admission to the HIT degree program is required.


COOL SEASON VEGETABLE AND HERB

HORT 2311

Explores origin, crop requirements, harvesting, and management strategies for
sustainable urban production of cool season vegetables and herbs. (1 lecture
hour, 2 lab hours)


MUSHROOM PRODUCTION

HORT 2313

Explores methods of growing edible mushrooms including culture, maintenance,
substrate preparation, composting, spawn generation techniques, inoculation
methods, harvesting, and pest and disease management. (2 lecture hours)


LIES, MANIPULATION, AND MISINFORMATION

MPTV’MCOMM 2255

Discussion and analysis of the history of fake news, news production,
consumption and evaluation. Students will have the opportunity to develop the
critical thinking skills necessary to be an informed citizen, understand how
their worldview affects their interpretation of the news, and create a personal
strategy for fact-checking and evaluating the news. (3 lecture hours)



Register for Classes [http://myaccess.cod.edu]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/new_classes.pcf]