https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/psychology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

two students studying together
[/_resources/img/hero/psychology-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Psychology Program


PSYCHOLOGY PROGRAM

The Psychology program at College of DuPage teaches students how to apply
psychological principles to every day life through the study of human and animal
behavior. Many students take psychology courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/psych/] to major in psychology, for general
interest or to fulfill general education requirements. 

COD offers an Associate in Arts degree in psychology for students who are
interested in transferring to a four-year institution. Courses are transferable
to all Illinois colleges and universities, as well as most institutions
nationwide based on Illinois Articulation Initiative [http://www.itransfer.org]
(IAI) standards. You can also secure an internship in the community and take
advantage of service learning
[/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/index.aspx]
options.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Explore a range of psychology courses that can lead to a bachelor's degree,
career enhancement or fulfill your personal achievements.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/psychology/contact.aspx] with
   years of professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining a savings account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure you receive personalized attention.
 * A variety of courses offered in different formats, including honors,
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/index.aspx] independent study,
   [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]online and hybrid.
   [/academics/online/online-class-formats/index.aspx]
 * An opportunity to learn more about the field of psychology through Psi Beta
   Honor Society [/academics/programs/psychology/psibeta.aspx]or the annual
   Midwest Institute for Students and Teachers of Psychology
   [/academics/programs/psychology/mistop/index.aspx] conference. 

Watch a video to learn more about the Psychology program.
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631896&node=9541401&a=106199835&autoplay=1]

Degrees


PSYCHOLOGY TRANSFER PATHWAY

The Psychology Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/psychology/psychology-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]
will prepare you to transfer to a four-year college or university.


COD STORIES

Areeb Kidwai [/about/stories/students/images/areeb_kidwai.jpg]

"College of DuPage leveled the playing field for me. I came alone to an
uncertain environment, but I was only judged by my hard work. COD is a place
where students can become their best selves.” - Areeb Kidwai

Areeb's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kidwai.aspx]


COD STORIES

Savannah Santos [/about/stories/students/images/savannah_santos.jpg]

"Through COD’s scholarship, I’m able to further my education and I could not be
more grateful.” - Savannah Santos

Savannah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/santos.aspx]


COD STORIES

Luis Medina [/about/stories/students/images/luis-medina.jpg]

“I have learned so much from both my academic program and my campus involvement.
I have learned the values of growth and leadership, as well as the value of
guiding others through their own potential.” - Luis Medina

Luis' COD Story [/about/stories/students/luis_medina.aspx]


COD STORIES

Molly Langlotz [/about/stories/students/images/molly_langlotz.jpg]

"I would tell someone considering COD to go for it and not be afraid. At COD
they are not going to tear you down, they want to build you up.” - Molly
Langlotz

Molly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/langlotz.aspx]


COD STORIES

Poonam Rahman [/about/stories/students/images/poonam_rahman.jpg]

"At COD, there are countless opportunities for you to build new connections and
network with like-minded students." - Poonam Rahman

Poonam's COD Story [/about/stories/students/rahman.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Psychology is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Psychology Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/psychology/psychology-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]

Program Learning Outcomes
Students who complete courses in Psychology will:

 * Demonstrate familiarity with major concepts, theoretical perspectives,
   empirical findings, and historical trends.
 * Understand and apply basic research methods in psychology.
 * Understand and apply psychological principles to personal, social, and
   organizational issues.
 * Respect and use critical and creative thinking, skeptical inquiry, and the
   scientific approach to solving problems.
 * Demonstrate effective communication skills (oral or written) for different
   purposes.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several psychology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/psychology.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Psychology
program.

What do psychologists do?

Psychologists study the human mind and human behavior. Research psychologists
investigate the physical, cognitive, emotional, or social aspects of human
behavior. Psychologists in health services fields provide mental health care in
hospitals, clinics, schools or private settings. Psychologists employed in
applied settings, such as business, industry, government or nonprofit
organizations, provide training, conduct research, design organizational systems
and act as advocates for psychology.

Is there a separate application process to enter the Psychology program?

No, students who apply and are admitted to College of DuPage can enroll directly
into psychology classes.

Some psychology courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/psych/] have
prerequisites that must be completed before registration. Meet with an advisor
if you have questions about course or transfer requirements.

Do I have to be enrolled in the program to take psychology courses?

No, psychology courses are an integral component of most occupational and
pre-professional programs. COD offers more than 100 sections of its core
Introduction to Psychology class and more than 400 total sections of psychology
courses each year to fit your schedule. Courses completed at COD may be fully
transferable, based on Illinois Articulation Initiative (IAI) standards.

Where can I get more information about COD's Psychology program and available
courses?

Contact a psychology faculty member
[/academics/programs/psychology/contact.aspx] for scheduling and transfer
guidance and information. You can also visit the course catalog
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/psych/] to read psychology course
descriptions. 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Psychology Program [/academics/programs/psychology/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/psychology/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/psychology/index.pcf]