https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/meeting-event-planning.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

two women looking at notes by a long table with flowers
[/_resources/img/hero/stock-women-wedding-planning-event.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Hospitality Management and
Tourism Programs
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/]


MEETING AND EVENTS PLANNING PROGRAM

As globalization increases and businesses continue to recognize the value of
professionally planned meetings, demand for meetings and events is projected to
grow 33 percent in the next 10 years, much faster than the average for all
occupations. Meeting, convention and event planners are needed to coordinate all
aspects of professional meetings and events from choosing a venue and reviewing
contracts to selecting gifts and providing name badges to guests. 

The Meeting and Events Planning Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/meeting-events-planning-aas/]degree
is designed for students interested in pursuing a career in the Meetings,
Expositions, Events and Conventions (MEEC) industry. Students will learn how to
plan an event from its early stages through cleanup after the event is over.
Certificates are also available in Meeting and Event Planning
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/meeting-and-event-planning-certificate/]
and Wedding Planning Management.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/wedding-planning-management-certificate/]

Hospitality courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hosp/] discover how to
cover budgets and finance, site selection, contracts, vendors, negotiations,
promotions, sustainability, food and beverage management, related technology and
hospitality law. If you’re a flexible multitasker with an eye for detail who
loves a fast paced environment, meeting and events planning might be for you. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Meeting and event planners need to know how to figure out their clients’ needs
and requirements in terms of exhibit space, lodging, transportation,
telecommunications, audio-visual displays, print- and web-based materials and
food and beverages.

Why CODDegreesCertificate
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in hospitality or tourism, planning to
transfer or updating your skills, College of DuPage has the right program for
you. We offer: 

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry and teaching
   experience.
 * Flexible schedules with day and evening classes.
 * Affordable classes.
 * Articulated transfer program with several prestigious institutions.
 * Programs designed to prepare students with the skills that are in demand by
   today’s employers.
 * Study Abroad opportunities to locations such as Budapest and Prague.

Degrees


MEETING AND EVENTS PLANNING, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Meeting and Events Planning, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/meeting-events-planning-aas/]degree
is designed for students wishing to pursue a career in the Meetings,
Expositions, Events, and Conventions (MEEC) industry. This degree requires a
minimum of 64 credits.

Certificate


MEETING AND EVENT PLANNING

The Meeting and Event Planning certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/meeting-and-event-planning-certificate/]prepares
a student for entry into the Meeting and Event Planning industries. The
certificate requires a total of 29 credits. Students will take classes in food
and beverage, professional contracts, catering and more.


WEDDING PLANNING MANAGEMENT

The Wedding Planning Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/wedding-planning-management-certificate/]concentrates
on wedding planning through to the implementation of the event. Courses
highlight the history of marriage, cultural and ethnic diversity in weddings,
consumerism, venues, destination weddings and stress management. Students apply
their learning through a business plan, marketing strategies and client
relations. The course is offered both in the classroom and online depending on
the semester.


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in meeting and event planning is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Meeting and Events Planning, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/meeting-events-planning-aas/]
 * Meeting and Event Planning, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/meeting-and-event-planning-certificate/]
 * Wedding Planning Management, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/wedding-planning-management-certificate/]




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several hospitality management and tourism transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/hospitality-management-tourism.aspx] in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.




COD STORIES

Amy Frese [/about/stories/students/images/amy-frese.jpg]

"The confidence I gained at College of DuPage helped me to define the direction
in which I want to take my career and expand on it.” - Amy Frese

Amy's COD Story [/about/stories/students/frese.aspx]


COD STORIES

Shannon Kanak [/about/stories/students/images/shannon-kanak.jpg]

“During my time at COD, I met amazing people who were my colleagues as well as
staff members. Some of those people I consider to be very close friends and
mentors as the years have gone by.” - Shannon Kanak

Shannon's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kanak.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Meeting and Events Planning Program
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/meeting-event-planning.pcf]