https://www.cod.edu/slea/slea-faq.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
   [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png]/slea/index.aspx

 * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
 * Continuing Education [/slea/continuing_education/index.aspx]
 * History [/slea/history.aspx]
 * FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
 * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
 * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]

Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
[/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png] Suburban Law Enforcement
Academy [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png] /slea/index.aspx Menu
 * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
 * History [/slea/history.aspx]
 * FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
 * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
 * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]

forensics photo [/_resources/img/hero/indoor-hsti-slea-forensics-heroimage.jpg]
Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) [https://www.cod.edu/slea/]SLEA FAQs


SUBURBAN LAW ENFORCEMENT ACADEMY FAQS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * History of SLEA [/slea/history.aspx]
 * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
 * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
 * Map and Directions [/slea/map.aspx]
 * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]


WHEN WAS SLEA CERTIFIED AS A POLICE ACADEMY IN ILLINOIS?

SLEA was established in 1994 in a collaborative partnership between the Illinois
Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board (ILETSB), the DuPage Chiefs of
Police, and College of DuPage. Below are archived minutes from the ILETSB
Meetings in which the SLEA Academy was proposed and ultimately approved by the
Board.

 * Archived minutes: Dec. 1993 and March 1994 ILETSB Meetings
   [/slea/pdf/slea_history_12_1994_3_1994.pdf]
 * Archived minutes: June 1994 ILETSB Meeting
   [/slea/pdf/slea_history_12_1994_3_1994.pdf]
 * Archived minutes: June 1996 ILETSB Meeting
   [/slea/pdf/slea_history_12_1994_3_1994.pdf]

 


WHY WAS SLEA CREATED?

SLEA was created after the DuPage County Chiefs of Police identified the need to
establish a suburban law enforcement academy in DuPage County to meet the
training needs of the area.


WHO HAS GOVERNANCE OVER SLEA?

By Illinois statute (50 ILCS 705), the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and
Standards Board has governance over each of the state’s six police academies.

The following are the authorized police academies within the state of Illinois:

 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
 * Southwestern Illinois College
 * Police Training Institute
 * Cook County Sheriff’s
 * Chicago Police Department
 * Illinois State Police

Additionally, College of DuPage has administrative and fiscal oversight of SLEA.


HOW LONG IS THE SLEA BASIC TRAINING PROGRAM?

SLEA currently offers a 16-week training program (640 hours). This is based on
the extended curriculum approved by the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and
Standards Board. The requirement for becoming a police officer in the state of
Illinois is currently 640 hours.


WHAT MUST A POLICE RECRUIT ACHIEVE TO GRADUATE FROM THE SLEA PROGRAM?

Recruits must achieve a passing grade of 70 percent in their weekly tests, as
well as successfully complete the State of Illinois certification test which is
administered and scored by the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards
Board.


HOW ARE THE POLICE RECRUITS EVALUATED DURING THE SLEA PROGRAM?

Police recruits are evaluated by instructors, role players and class
supervisors. During weeks 5, 10 and 16, the class supervisors prepare a written
evaluation on each recruit. The evaluation is then shared with the recruit’s
parent agency.


WHAT DOES IT COST TO SEND A POLICE RECRUIT TO SLEA?

The current tuition at SLEA is $4,696, which covers all of the recruit’s
training needs during the 16-week program. The tuition is set by the Illinois
Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board.


WHO ESTABLISHES THE COST OF TUITION FOR THE SLEA PROGRAM?

The Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board mandates the cost of
tuition for all eight police academies within the state of Illinois.


WHO PAYS THE TUITION FOR THE SLEA POLICE RECRUITS?

Agencies/communities budget training costs into their annual budgets.  After the
recruit successfully completes the academy, the Illinois Law Enforcement
Training and Standards Board then reimburses the cost of the tuition.


ARE SLEA RECRUITS OFFERED HOUSING ON CAMPUS AT COLLEGE OF DUPAGE?

No.  College of DuPage is a community college and does not have housing or
dormitories on campus.  Housing for recruits may be obtained through an extended
stay hotel.


WHERE DOES THE TUITION FOR POLICE ACADEMIES IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS COME FROM?

The tuition for the police recruits that is reimbursed by the ILETSB comes from
the Illinois Traffic Surcharge Fund.


ARE SLEA POLICE RECRUITS CONSIDERED STUDENTS BY THE COLLEGE OF DUPAGE?

Yes.  They are considered students during the time they are attending the SLEA
Program at College of DuPage.


DO SLEA POLICE RECRUITS RECEIVE COLLEGE CREDITS FOR COMPLETING THE ACADEMY?

Currently, SLEA recruits do not receive college credits.  They can apply for
credit for prior learning experience from Benedictine University and receive up
to 18 hours of College credit.


DO OTHER POLICE ACADEMIES ASSOCIATED WITH A COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY WITHIN THE
STATE OF ILLINOIS PROVIDE COLLEGE CREDIT TO THEIR POLICE RECRUITS?

Yes.  Three other police academies in the State of Illinois have direct
affiliations with colleges and universities. Southwestern Illinois College, the
Police Training Institute, and the Cook County Sheriff’s Department are located
on a college or university campus, and the police recruits can obtain college
credit for attending the police academy. 


HOW MANY POLICE DEPARTMENTS DOES SLEA SERVE?

The eight police academies in the State of Illinois deliver the same curriculum;
therefore SLEA can train recruits from any law enforcement agency in the State
of Illinois. However, typically SLEA recruits come from police agencies from
DuPage, Kane, Cook, Will, Kendall and Kane Counties.

Since 1994, SLEA has serviced more than 1,000 agencies for the police academy
and continuing education classes, including local, county, state and federal law
enforcement agencies as well as coroner offices, fire departments and other
first responder groups from Illinois and other mid-western states.


HOW MANY POLICE RECRUITS HAVE GRADUATED FROM SLEA SINCE 1994?

SLEA has graduated more than 4,811 police recruits and has provided continuing
education for approximately 28,700 police officers since 1994.


WHO ARE THE INSTRUCTORS THAT TEACH AT SLEA?

The instructors at SLEA are either current or retired police officers with years
of practical experience and expertise. In order to be selected as an instructor,
the candidate must submit their application to the College of DuPage Human
Resources Department for vetting. If they are approved to be hired by the
College, they must submit their qualifications to the Executive Director of the
Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board for certification as
instructors.


WHO HIRES THE SLEA INSTRUCTORS?

The College of DuPage hires instructors to teach at SLEA. Those instructors must
also be approved by the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board.


IS THE DIRECTOR OF SLEA SELECTED BY THE ILLINOIS LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING AND
STANDARDS BOARD?

No.  SLEA’s Director is selected and hired by the College of DuPage. The
Director’s role is to ensure all requirements for the Academy are met while
ensuring adherence to the College of DuPage’s mission and commitment to the
community.


WHO PAYS THE SALARIES OF THE DIRECTOR AND ADMINISTRATIVE PERSONNEL FOR SLEA?

The staff at SLEA is employed by the College of DuPage and their salaries are
paid for by the College just as any other employee of the College.


ARE CONTINUING EDUCATION COURSES AT COLLEGE OF DUPAGE SUBMITTED TO THE STATE OF
ILLINOIS FOR APPORTIONMENT?

No.  Continuing Education courses at College of DuPage are focused on providing
specific training to professionals in numerous occupations and do not receive
apportionment from the state. The courses are aimed at providing community
members with educational opportunities in a diverse range of courses.


WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR SLEA AT COLLEGE OF DUPAGE?

The SLEA Director oversees the day to day administrative operations of SLEA.
 The SLEA Director reports directly to the Associate Dean of the Homeland
Security Training Institute.  SLEA is a department within the Continuing
Education program at College of DuPage, which is overseen by the Dean of
Continuing Education.


WHAT IS THE SLEA ADVISORY COMMITTEE?

SLEA’s Advisory Committee is made up of law enforcement and municipal executives
who provide guidance and direction to SLEA.  The SLEA Advisory Council meets on
a semi-annual basis.


HOW OFTEN IS THE SLEA PROGRAM REVIEWED BY THE ILLINOIS LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING
AND STANDARDS BOARD?

On a yearly basis, SLEA along with the other police academies in the State must
have their courses certified by the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and
Standards Board. The Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board also
conduct periodic reviews of each of the academies.  The most recent review of
SLEA conducted by the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards Board was
conducted in August 2016.


WHY IS IT APPROPRIATE TO CLASSIFY SLEA UNDER THE CONTINUING EDUCATION PROGRAM AT
COLLEGE OF DUPAGE?

The SLEA program fits within the educational scope of the Continuing Education
Program at College of DuPage. Whether for personal development, professional
advancement or life enhancement, Continuing Education can provide the perfect
learning experience. Classes and workshops for adults and youth are designed in
Continuing Education to meet a variety of educational needs and to provide a
multitude of educational experiences. Since the SLEA recruits are considered
non-traditional students in an educational program and are seeking professional
advancement, the program fits within the vision and the mission of Continuing
Education.


ARE SLEA RECRUITS INCLUDED IN THE COLLEGE OF DUPAGE’S ENROLLMENT REPORT?

Everyone enrolling in Continuing Education courses, programs, and events at
College of DuPage are considered students. Non-credit course student enrollments
do not appear in the institutional credit 10th day enrollment figures at College
of DuPage. Though not included in credit 10th Day enrollment figures reported to
the ICCB, as a best practice, all non-credit enrollments and students served
through Continuing Education are recorded at the institutional level.


ARE SLEA PERSONNEL HIRED BY THE COLLEGE OF DUPAGE?

Yes. All staff at SLEA are selected and hired by the College of DuPage and are
College employees. While the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards
Board is the state agency that has standards authority over all eight police
academies in the state they do not have authority over nor pay the salaries of
the employees at the eight academies.


DOES COLLEGE OF DUPAGE RECEIVE APPORTIONMENT FUNDING FROM THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
FOR ENROLLED SLEA RECRUITS?

Currently, SLEA students do not receive college credit, thus the College of
DuPage does not submit apportionment claims to the state of Illinois for these
students.


ARE SLEA RECRUITS CLASSIFIED AS TUITION PAYING STUDENTS AT COLLEGE OF DUPAGE?

Yes. SLEA recruits are considered students while attending College of DuPage.
Their tuition for the educational program that they participate in at COD is
paid for by their municipal police departments. They pay tuition just as any
credit or non-credit student pays while attending College of DuPage.

back to top of page

 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
   [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-white.png] /slea/index.aspx
 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) at College of DuPage 425 Fawell
   Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 Voice: (630) 942-2677 [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   Fax: (630) 942-3766

 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Emergencies & Severe Weather Info [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Veterans Services [/admission/veteran/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/slea/slea-faq.pcf]