https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/ofti/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Office Technology Information instructor and student in discussion
[/_resources/img/hero/officetech-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Office Technology Information
Program


OFFICE TECHNOLOGY INFORMATION PROGRAM

The Office Technology Information (OFTI) program at COD provides fundamental and
advanced education and practice in a wide range of skills to prepare students
for successful careers as administrative support professionals.

Throughout the program, students will gain proficiencies in office technology
information courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/ofti/] in business
correspondence, keyboarding, desktop publishing, document formatting, electronic
communication and presentation design, office procedures, professional
development and word processing. Three associate degree and six certificate
options [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/]
enable students to customize their studies to match their needs and goals. 

Each certificate or degree will enable you to develop your skills using current
technology and procedures that are necessary for a successful professional
career in an exciting environment. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Administrative assistants are increasingly assuming responsibilities once
reserved for managerial and professional staff. This occupation ranks among
those with the largest number of job openings. Opportunities are best for
applicants with extensive knowledge of computer software applications.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in administrative support, planning to
transfer to a four-year baccalaureate-granting institution or updating your
skills, COD has the right program for you. COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification and licensing.
 * instruction in top-notch facilities and state-of-the-art equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening and online learning.
 * Practical hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * An active and engaged advisory board made up of local industry professionals
   who help to maintain the quality and professional relevance of the OFTI
   program.

Degrees


ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT AND MEETING/EVENT PLANNING

The Administrative Assistant Meeting/Event Planning, Associate in Applied
Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-assistant-meeting-event-planning-aas/]
degree prepares the student for an administrative support position with a focus
on meeting and event planning.


ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SPECIALIST

The Administrative Support Specialist, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-support-specialist-aas/]
degree prepares students by developing and enhancing their skills using current
technologies in today's office.


EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT

The Executive Assistant, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/executive-assistant-aas/]
degree prepares students by developing and enhancing their skills using current
technologies in today’s office.

Certificates


ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT AND MEETING/EVENT PLANNING

The Administrative Assistant and Meeting/Event Planning, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-assistant-meeting-event-planning-certificate/]
prepares the student for an administrative support position with a focus on
meeting and event planning. 


ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT ESSENTIALS

The Administrative Support Essentials, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-support-essentials-certificate/]
provides additional opportunity for administrative professionals and progresses
into the Administrative Support Specialist certificate and degree.


ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SPECIALIST

The Administrative Support Specialist, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-support-specialist-certificate/]
requires 46 credits.


MEDICAL OFFICE

The Medical Office, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/medical-office-certificate/]
prepares the student for an entry level administrative support position into the
medical office environment. 


OFFICE TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST

The Office Technology Specialist, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/office-technology-specialist-certificate/]
prepares the student for an entry-level administrative support position.   


WORD SPECIALIST

The Word Specialist, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/word-specialist-certificate/]
develops MS Word skills and includes topics for industry certification.


COD STORIES

Violet Jackson [/about/stories/students/images/violet_jackson.jpg]

“I would encourage anyone considering enrollment at COD to make an appointment,
meet with a counselor and tour the facilities. I am certain they will find that
COD brings just as much to the table as other institutions but in a caring,
supporting and flexible learning environment at an affordable cost." - Violet
Jackson

Violet's COD Story [/about/stories/students/jackson_violet.aspx]


COD STORIES

Donna Otkins [/about/stories/students/images/donna-otkins.jpg]

"If you are on the fence about pursuing the OFTI program at COD, go for it! You
will obtain so much knowledge that you will most definitely use in your everyday
life." - Donna Otkins

Donna's COD Story [/about/stories/students/otkins.aspx]


COD STORIES

Angie Johnson [/about/stories/students/images/angie_johnson.jpg]

“I have been strongly suggesting starting out at COD for all the reasons I
decided to attend -- for financial reasons, proximity to where I live, and their
degree program offerings. I’ve explained how the courses I took, particularly in
the OFTI program, have immediate practical application." - Angie Johnson

Angie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/johnson_angie.aspx]


COD STORIES

Erika Anderson [/about/stories/students/images/erika_andersen.jpg]

“I had no idea what to do, so I took Career and College Skills classes. Both
were incredible. Those classes and their extraordinary teachers gave me the
courage to start a path for myself.” - Erika Andersen

Erika's COD Story [/about/stories/students/andersen.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kristin Beemer [/about/stories/students/images/kristin-beemer.jpg]

"The opportunities COD offers are vast and the skills, knowledge and connections
you will gain are priceless." - Kristin Beemer

Kristin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/beemer.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in office technology information is to apply
for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Administrative Assistant and Meeting/Event Planning, Associate in Applied
   Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-assistant-meeting-event-planning-aas/]
 * Administrative Assistant and Meeting/Event Planning, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-assistant-meeting-event-planning-certificate/]
 * Administrative Support Essentials, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-support-essentials-certificate/]
 * Administrative Support Specialist, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-support-specialist-aas/]
 * Administrative Support Specialist, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/administrative-support-specialist-certificate/]
 * Executive Assistant, Associate in Applied Science 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/executive-assistant-aas/]
 * Medical Office, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/medical-office-certificate/]
 * Office Technology Specialist, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/office-technology-specialist-certificate/]
 * Word Specialist, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/office-technology-information/word-specialist-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes


OFFICE TECHNOLOGY INFORMATION PROGRAM GRADUATES WILL

 * Demonstrate effective written and oral communication skills
 * Demonstrate proper keyboarding and document formatting skills
 * Develop general use and operation of computers
 * Illustrate strong proofreading and grammar skills
 * Design, prepare, and present informative, persuasive, and demonstrative
   presentations
 * Format and produce academic and business reports, letters, outlines, tables,
   itineraries, agendas, meeting minutes, press releases, title pages, long
   documents, table of contents, and indexes
 * Develop personal professionalism and self-confidence
 * Create professional employment documents
 * Improve multi-tasking and time management skills
 * Demonstrate effective team, leadership, and critical thinking skills


ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT SPECIALIST DEGREE GRADUATES WILL

 * Understand the organization and operation of business, the relationships of
   business to society, and types of businesses
 * Recognize the impact of marketing, the four components of the marketing mix,
   and strategic marketing decisions
 * Define management, functions of management, resources managers control, and
   the management process
 * Understand organizational design and structures
 * Discuss financial statement’s role in the business environment
 * Apply generally accepted accounting principles
 * Apply accounting information to business decisions


EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT DEGREE GRADUATES WILL

 * Understand the organization and operation of business, the relationships of
   business to society, and types of businesses
 * Recognize the impact of marketing, the four components of the marketing mix,
   and strategic marketing decisions
 * Define management, functions of management, resource control, and the
   management process.
 * Understand organizational design and structures
 * Define Organizational Behavior (OB)
 * Demonstrate value of objective knowledge and skill development in the study
   of OB
 * Discuss financial statement’s role in the business environment
 * Apply generally accepted accounting principles
 * Apply accounting information to business decisions
 * Recognize the legal framework of business as it pertains to contracts
 * Recognize the purpose and logic of the law to improve decision making process
   within the frame work of the rules of law
 * Recognize internal and external factors that affect budget preparations
 * Prepare budgets and systems for organizing and administering the budgetary
   process


ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT AND MEETING/EVENT DEGREE GRADUATES WILL

 * Demonstrate understanding of meetings, events, and conventions
 * Recognize relationship between the hospitality industry and individuals who
   plan meetings, conventions, and events
 * Explain technical differences among meetings, conventions, expositions, and
   special events
 * Demonstrate acquired skills and knowledge in execution of a simulated event
   and group sales
 * Explain the role of hospitality marketing management
 * Compare and contrast the "service product" approach to hospitality marketing
   to the traditional approach
 * Analyze the role of marketing in strategic hospitality planning
 * Appraise the roles of buying influences in the hospitality purchasing
   decision
 * Demonstrate the process of evaluating potential hotel market segments to
   choose target markets effectively
 * Judge the role of sales organizations and distribution methods or chains of
   supply as applied to hospitality products
 * Design a hospitality communication mix program including loyalty programs


CREDIT FOR KNOWLEDGE

OFTI offers students ann opportunity to earn credit for knowledge acquired
through an occupation or an educational institution outside of COD by completing
a proficiency exam. Students who demonstrate the knowledge needed to complete an
OFTI course can gain college credit without taking the course.

Students can register for and take the following proficiency exams at the
Testing Center [/academics/testing/index.aspx]located in the Berg Instructional
Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx] on the Glen
Ellyn Campus:

 * OFTI 1100 – Keyboarding & Document Fundamentals
 * OFTI 1105 – Speed Development Keyboarding
 * OFTI 1200 – MSOffice for Professional Staff
 * OFTI 1210 – Word Processing I

A student may take the proficiency exam one time only.  If the student fails the
exam and still wishes to receive credit for the course, the student must enroll
in the course. Contact the Testing Center [/academics/testing/index.aspx] or
email OFTI OFTI Coordinator Professor Casey Emerich at millerc308@cod.edu
[millerc308@cod.edu?subject=] with questions.


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What is the difference between a certificate and a degree?

A certificate focuses on the core curriculum of a program. These courses provide
the information and skills necessary for performing the job duties of a specific
profession. A degree includes the entire core curriculum, as well as a broad
range of academic courses.

The decision to complete a certificate or a degree is a personal decision. Some
students pursue a certificate because it takes less time to complete compared to
a degree. Others pursue a certificate because they already have a degree and are
seeking retraining or career advancement.

Degree seekers need to complete core curriculum as well as required academic
courses. These students may want to transfer to a four-year school or university
and pursue a bachelor's degree. Typically those who complete a degree demand a
higher salary than those who do not.

The length of time it takes to complete a certificate or a degree depends on how
many courses are taken each term. A degree is designed to be completed within
two years if a student takes 16 hours each term (summer excluded). Students
should always meet with an OFTI advisor to set up a course schedule.

Can I meet with an advisor?
Yes general advising can help you to get started. You should always meet with an
OFTI faculty member to help you plan your courses and determine the course
sequence and availability.
What are prerequisites?

Prerequisites are courses (or demonstrated equivalent experience) that students
must complete prior to enrolling in a similar higher-level course.

A prerequisite course provides the background necessary for the successful
completion of a higher-level course. A higher-level course instructor assumes
that a student has mastered the content of the prerequisite course. Generally,
mastery of the content covered in a prerequisite course will improve a student's
chances of successful performance in the higher-level course.

Is every course offered every semester?
No every course is not offered every semester, but many OFTI courses are
available each term. Basic courses are offered every semester. Courses are also
offered in day, evening and online.
How much homework will I have?
The rule of thumb is between one to three hours of homework each week for each
semester hour of a course. For instance, a three-semester- hour course can
expect to have three to nine hours of homework each week. The actual amount of
time will depend on your skill level and understanding of the course material.
Online courses can expect to spend an additional two to four hours each week to
make up for the time not spent in the actual classroom.
What is the difference between an administrative assistant and an executive
assistant?
An executive assistant performs administrative duties for executive management.
Responsibilities may include screening calls, making travel and meeting
arrangements, preparing reports and financial data, training and supervising
other support staff, and customer relations. This position requires strong
computer and Internet research skills. This individual must be flexible with
excellent interpersonal skills, possess project coordination experience and the
ability to work well with all levels of internal management and staff as well as
outside clients and vendors.


An administrative assistant performs administrative and office support
activities for multiple supervisors. Duties may include fielding telephone
calls, receiving and directing visitors, word processing, filing, and faxing.
Extensive software skills are required, as well as Internet research abilities
and strong communication skills. Staff in this category also may have the title
of department assistant, coordinator or associate.

A glossary of administrative support job descriptions is posted on the
International Association of Administrative Professionals
[https://careers.iaap-hq.org/] website.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now [http://admissions.cod.edu]

Contact the OFTI Program [/academics/programs/ofti/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/ofti/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/ofti/index.pcf]