https://www.cod.edu/academics/transfer/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student walking around campus [/_resources/img/hero/outside-src-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Transfer
Services


TRANSFER SERVICES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * 3+1 Bachelor's Degree Programs [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx]
 * College Websites and Transfer Information
   [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]
 * Guaranteed Transfer Admission Programs
   [/academics/transfer/guaranteed-transfer-admission.aspx]
 * Program Agreements and Transfer Guides
   [/academics/transfer/programs/index.aspx]
 * Steps to Transfer [/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx]
 * Transfer Application Checklist
   [/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx]
 * Transfer Events and College Visits [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx]
 * Transfer Resources [/academics/transfer/resources.aspx]
 * Transfer Scholarship Opportunities
   [/academics/transfer/transfer-scholarship-opportunities.aspx]

Get a head start on your academics at College of DuPage, then transfer to a
four-year institution of your choice. Create an academic plan
[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx] with a counselor or program
advisor to ensure all of your credits will transfer and start researching
colleges and universities early. 

COD offers many options for students to transfer their credits seamlessly to
other institutions through guaranteed transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/guaranteed-transfer-admission.aspx], 3+1
[/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx] and 2+2 transfer programs
[/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]. 


TRANSFER OPTIONS

There are a number of transfer options available to students. Transfer after
earning your degree or completing general education requirements.

Transfer After Completing an Associate in Arts or an Associate in Science Degree
 * Most colleges and universities award junior standing to students with an
   associate degree.
 * Pay one-third of the cost of the average four-year school at College of
   DuPage, saving you money during your first two years.
 * COD's transfer partnerships and transfer guides make it easy to transfer to
   the school of your choice.

Transfer with a Specialty Degree
 * Partner with a counselor or advisor
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx] when you begin the transfer
   process for the following degrees, as there are complex state requirements,
   transfer school requirements and College of DuPage graduation requirements
   that apply:
   * Associate in Applied Science
   * Associate in Engineering Science
   * Associate in Fine Arts - Art
   * Associate in Fine Arts - Music
   * Associate in General Studies 

COD partnerships and transfer guides may exist to facilitate a smooth transfer. 

Transfer With a Few Credits
 * Jump start your education by taking a few classes at COD and transferring to
   another institution.
 * Students interested in transferring after one semester at COD are encouraged
   to work closely with a counselor or advisor
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx].
 * In order to be considered a transfer student, colleges and universities
   require a set number of credits, usually between 24-36.
 * Students below these thresholds will need to meet the college or university's
   first-year admission requirements.


TRANSFER PARTNERSHIPS

COD has developed transfer partnerships with colleges and universities to
facilitate a smooth transfer for students. The College offers Guaranteed
Transfer Agreements, 2+2 Transfer Agreements, transfer guides and 3+1 Transfer
Programs that are designed to save you time and money.

The College also participates in the Illinois Articulation Initiative
[https://itransfer.org/] (IAI), which enables credits to be transferred to more
than 100 colleges and universities in Illinois.

Colleges and universities interested in partnering with COD to provide
additional transfer opportunities should email articulation@cod.edu.
[articulation@cod.edu?subject=]

Guaranteed Transfer Agreements
 * COD partners with several schools that guarantee admission
   [/academics/transfer/guaranteed-transfer-admission.aspx] to students who meet
   specific criteria.
 * Each college and university offers unique guarantees; some offer guarantees
   to all majors, some to a few majors and some to all majors with a few
   exceptions like limited enrollment programs.
 * Some agreements also provide exclusive scholarship and financial aid
   incentives.

3+1 Transfer Programs
 * 3+1 Programs [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx] are a convenient and
   economical way to earn your Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science degree in
   selected academic programs.
 * College of DuPage has partnered with prominent universities to offer
   high-caliber degree programs at a greatly reduced cost: 
   * Take three years of classes at College of DuPage. Many of these classes are
     offered on College of DuPage's main campus and are taught by faculty from
     partner universities. Faculty from partner universities are educational
     leaders in their fields.
   * Receive a reduction on the tuition rate for advanced classes. 

2+2 Transfer Programs
 * College of DuPage offers two types of 2+2 Transfer Programs
   [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]:

 1. A traditional 2+2 agreement allows a student to complete two years
    (approximately 64 credit hours) at College of DuPage and another two years
    at a college/university to complete a bachelor's degree.
 2. An enhanced 2+2 agreement allows a student to complete up to 90 semester
    credits of coursework, mostly general education courses and then transfer to
    complete the remaining credits toward a bachelor's degree at a four-year
    college/university.


TRANSFER GUIDES

Transfer guides suggest specific COD course subjects that meet prerequisites for
specific majors. Transfer guides also provide contact information, basic
information about the major, admission and degree requirements, general
education requirements and transfer policies. 

 * View Transfer Guides by College or University
   [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]
 * View Transfer Guides by Program [/academics/transfer/programs/index.aspx]


TRANSFER EVENTS

Attend a transfer workshop, information session, advising session or transfer
fair with visiting colleges and universities. Transfer events
[/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx] are held throughout the year and are
available to all COD students.


COD STORIES

Sakina Kahn [/about/stories/students/images/sakina-khan.jpg]

"Choosing COD was honestly one of the best decisions I’ve made in my life. It
greatly helped me financially to save my money for graduate school. I also made
some of the best friends I have today." - Sakina Kahn

Sakina's COD Story [/about/stories/students/khan-sakina.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bryan Green [/about/stories/students/images/bryan_green.jpg]

"The College will provide you the education and skills to be successful. The
professors and administrators are top-notch and the campus is beautiful. COD
provided me with the educational base, drive and motivation to be successful.” -
Bryan Green

Bryan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/green.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rocio Becceril [/about/stories/students/images/rocio_becerril.jpg]

"COD helped me tremendously as I tried to figure out what I wanted to do. Going
to COD allowed me to take several different classes to try and find myself.” -
Rocio Becerril

Rocio's COD Story [/about/stories/students/becerril.aspx]


COD STORIES

Paris Dunlap [/about/stories/students/images/paris_dunlap.jpg]

"COD also taught me about the real world, because the professors have high
expectations of their students and set standards of discipline which are very
important in prospering in today’s society. The professors were just amazing and
actually cared about me as a student and as an individual." - Paris Dunlap

Paris' COD Story [/about/stories/students/dunlap.aspx]


COD STORIES

Mirette Mikhail [/about/stories/students/images/mirette-mikhail.jpg]

"I wanted to start at a school that would allow me to see a variety of options
to choose from and to better guide me in what bachelor’s I should pursue,” -
Mirette Mikhail

Mirette's COD Story [/about/stories/students/mikhail.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CONTACT INFORMATION

Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
Phone: (630) 942-2259
Ask a counselor or program advisor a quick question [Counseling@cod.edu]. 

 * Main Campus Regular Hours:
   * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
   * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 * COD Centers Hours
   [https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/centers/hours.aspx]

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@counselingadvisingcod [https://instagram.com/counselingadvisingcod]

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codtransferservices [https://www.instagram.com/codtransferservices/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcounselingadvising [https://www.facebook.com/CoDCounselingAdvising]





 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/transfer/index.pcf]