https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/theater/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

theater cast acting on stage [/_resources/img/hero/theater-addams-family.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Theater Program


THEATER PROGRAM

The Theater program is designed for students who intend to continue theater
studies and transfer to another institution, for students who want to broaden
their general education with theater electives and for community members and
students who want to participate in college theatrical performances.

Theater courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/theat/] are available in
acting, improvisation, directing, voice and diction, theater appreciation, stage
movement, stagecraft, stage management, stage make-up, technical production,
combat and audition.

A rich and diverse community of students, faculty and staff work together to
create a cohesive learning experience. Students can prepare for a career as a
working artist, enrich their experience as both an audience member and artist
and explore the arts under the guidance of active professional faculty and staff
who are committed to the growth and development of their students.

In addition to the professional theater in residence, Buffalo Theatre Ensemble
[https://www.atthemac.org/buffalo-theatre-ensemble/], the theater department has
an active production schedule using three theaters in the McAninch Arts Center
[https://www.atthemac.org/], summer touring components, auditioned, rehearsed,
staged and recorded productions.

Among the program's graduates are theater founders, actors in TV shows and
movies and performers at Chicago's Orchestra Hall and the Lyric Opera.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Theater practitioners work in many different careers: the theater itself, in
other performance industries such as film and dance and in diverse roles in
business, education or other related professions.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

Whether you are taking theater courses for fun or planning to transfer with an
Associate in Arts degree in theater to another institution, COD offers: 

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities, equipment and resources.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention from
   instructors.
 * Articulated transfer programs.
 * Exceptional stages including the Belushi Performance Center
   [https://www.atthemac.org/rent-the-mac/belushi-performance-hall/] in the
   McAninch Arts Center at College of DuPage.
 * Opportunities to study and/or work with the Buffalo Theatre Ensemble, the
   professional company in residence at the MAC.

Degrees


THEATER TRANSFER PATHWAY

College of DuPage offers two theater transfer pathways for students interested
in completing their general education requirements and transferring to another
institution. 

Students can choose to follow the general Theater Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/theater/theater-transfer-pathway-aa/]or
Technical Theater Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/theater/theater-technical-transfer-pathway-aa/]
and transfer with an Associate in Arts degree. 


COD STORIES

Lamorne Morris [/_resources/img/stories/lamorne-morris.jpg]

"It not only taught me the skills needed to become a successful actor, but it
also taught me proper acting etiquette, such as how to prepare for a scene and
how to rehearse. I still hold all of those things with me to this day.” -
Lamorne Morris

Lamorne's COD Story [/about/stories/students/morris_lamorne.aspx]


COD STORIES

Robyn Coffin [/_resources/img/stories/robyn-coffin.jpg]

"I learned how to be a professional actor very early on so by the time I got to
Columbia, it was clear I had been training among some of the best actors and
teachers out there. I grew in every way possible – professionally, artistically
and personally." - Robyn Coffin

Robyn's COD Story [/about/stories/students/coffin.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jim Belushi [/about/stories/students/images/jim_belushi.jpg]

"When I hit the stage at Southern Illinois University, I had so much experience
that I was cast in the leads. If I had gone to SIU as a freshman, I never would
have got my feet on the boards like I did at COD.” - Jim Belushi

Jim's COD Story [/about/stories/students/belushi.aspx]


COD STORIES

Marisol Nichols [/about/stories/students/images/marisol_nichols.jpg]

“COD is a great place to learn. I worked with amazing people and received a
quality education that was the best education of my life. COD allowed me the
space to explore who I was and what I wanted to do.” - Marisol Nichols

Marisol's COD Story [/about/stories/students/nichols.aspx]


COD STORIES

Christopher Corrigan [/about/stories/students/images/christopher_corrigan.jpg]

“My COD experience is still guiding my goals today. It really put me on the path
of becoming the person I am.” - Christopher Corrigan

Christopher's COD Story [/about/stories/students/corrigan.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in theater is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Theater Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/theater/theater-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Technical Theater Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/theater/theater-technical-transfer-pathway-aa/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in Theater Arts will:

 * Develop a broadened understanding of the art of theater, awareness of its
   wide range of disciplines, realizing the importance of each to the whole, and
   its relationship with the other liberal arts.
 * Demonstrate the ability to seek advanced study and/or achieve an entry-level
   position in theatrical venues and/or transfer into another field of study,
   integrating the collaborative and highly disciplined practices derived from
   the study of theater.
 * Integrate critical thinking skills, applying theater techniques and
   experiences, to explain themselves more articulately in oral and/or written
   discussion.
 * Integrate or demonstrate through observation, imagination, collaboration,
   preparation and communication the ability to use the tools and equipment
   basic to the realization of a unified theatrical approach.
 * Develop and defend informed judgments about performance and production.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several theater transfer opportunities
[/academics/transfer/programs/theater.aspx] in place with four-year colleges and
universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


THEATER VENUES ON THE COLLEGE OF DUPAGE CAMPUS

McAninch Arts Center [/_resources/img/video/mac-outside.jpg]

The McAninch Arts Center contains a variety of specialized studio, exhibition
and performance spaces.

Belushi Performance Hall [/_resources/img/video/belushi-performance.jpg]

The nearly 800-seat Belushi Performance Hall features state of the art lighting
and sound.

Playhouse Theatre [/_resources/img/video/playhouse-theatre.jpg]

The intimate 186-seat Playhouse Theatre includes a "soft thrust" stage.

Studio Theatre [/_resources/img/video/studio-theater.jpg]

Studio Theatre is a versatile, black-box performance space and holds up to 70
audience members.

Lakeside Pavilion [/_resources/img/video/mac-pavilion.jpg]

Many outdoor events and concerts take place in the 1,200-seat Lakeside Pavilion
performance stage.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now
[http://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Theater Program [/academics/programs/theater/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/theater/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/theater/index.pcf]