https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students studying
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-students-studying-ssc-atrium-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources


STUDENT RESOURCES


STUDENT AND ACADEMIC RESOURCES

Student ResourcesAcademic Resources
Student Resources

Whether you need technology help on campus or want to increase your conversation
skills for an upcoming job interview, College of DuPage offers a variety of
resources that can help students inside and outside of the classroom.

Career Services [/_resources/img/three-column-card/career-services.jpg]


CAREER SERVICES

Career Services can help you develop your resume, learn how to negotiate a
salary and practice interview skills.

[/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
Chaparral mascot in gym [/_resources/img/three-column-card/athletics.jpg]


CHAPARRAL FITNESS

Chaparral Fitness is COD's 11,000-square foot fitness center that is open to
students and community members.

[https://gochapsgo.com/sports/2018/11/20/fitness-center.aspx]
Diversity [/_resources/img/three-column-card/center-for-student-diversity.jpg]


CENTER FOR STUDENT DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION

Immerse yourself into a diverse environment by joining a club or organization.

[/student_life/resources/csdi/index.aspx]
Students sitting outside smiling and laughing
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-english-proficiency.jpg]


CENTER FOR STUDENT SUCCESS

Navigators provide ongoing assistance to their assigned students that encourages
and promotes academic success.

[/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
Students working in cafeteria
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/students-in-cafeteria.jpg]


DINING AT COD

COD offers a variety of hot and cold food, snacks and beverages throughout
campus.

[/student_life/resources/dining/index.aspx]
Students talking a selfie
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/first-gen-informaion-session.jpg]


FIRST-GENERATION STUDENTS

First-Generation students have access to support services and special events.

[/student_life/resources/first-generation/index.aspx]
Students in computer lab
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/information-technology.jpg]


INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES

Need tech support? Information Technology Services can help.

[/student_life/resources/information_technology/index.aspx]
Students hugging [/_resources/img/three-column-card/global-education.jpg]


INTERNATIONAL STUDENT SERVICES

International Student Services can help F-1 international students maintain
their non-immigrant student status.

[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/index.aspx]
Student dancing at Latino Outreach event
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/latino-outreach-dance.jpg]


LATINO OUTREACH CENTER

The goal of the Latino Outreach Center is to recruit, retain and transition
Hispanic students beyond College of DuPage.

[/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index.aspx]
Example alt text [/_resources/img/three-column-card/students-taking-selfie.jpg]


LGBTQIA+

College of DuPage strives to offer a variety of clubs and resources for the
LGBTQIA+ community.

[/student_life/resources/lgbtq/index.aspx]
Student at computer in Library
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/student-in-library.jpg]


STUDENT HEALTH INSURANCE

Students have access to voluntary insurance plans including health, dental,
vision and telemedicine.

[/student_life/resources/student-insurance.aspx]
Students stocking Fuel Pantry shelves
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/fuel-pantry-students.jpg]


STUDENTS IN NEED OF ASSISTANCE

Assistance with basic needs can relieve financial stress and provide students
with the tools and resources they need for student success.

[/student_life/resources/students-in-need.aspx]
Students present the colors
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/veteran-services-event.jpg]


VETERANS SERVICES

Receive information on scholarships, emergency loans, referrals and more at
Veteran Services.

[/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
Academic Resources

College of DuPage offers a range of services to ensure student productivity and
achievement. These include:

 * Assistance with academic challenges and career planning.
 * Access to computer labs with the latest productivity software.
 * A comprehensive testing center providing personal, professional and academic
   testing and evaluation.

We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and take advantage of all the
resources and programs available, many of which are free of charge.

 

Student working on homework in library
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/academic-calendar.jpg]


ACCESS AND ACCOMMODATIONS

Eligible students with disabilities can visit Access & Accommodations for
additional guidance and services.

[/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
Student and mom shopping in the bookstore
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/bookstore.jpg]


BOOKSTORE

Purchase everything you need for classes at the bookstore, located in the
Student Resource Center.

[/academics/bookstore.aspx]
Counseling [/_resources/img/three-column-card/counseling-and-advising.jpg]


COUNSELING & ADVISING

Receive free and confidential academic advising or career and personal
counseling sessions.

[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
Students learning together
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/students-learning-together.jpg]


LEARNING COMMUNITIES

Learning Communities give students the opportunity to make deep connections with
their peers, professors and the community.

[/academics/academic_opportunities/learning_communities/index.aspx]
Students working on computers in Learning Commons
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/learning-commons.jpg]


LEARNING COMMONS

The Learning Commons can provide assistance with math, writing, reading, speech
assistance, tutoring and more.

[/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
Student in library [/_resources/img/three-column-card/student-in-library.jpg]


LIBRARY

Take advantage of the COD Library. It's a great place to study and complete your
research.

[https://library.cod.edu/]
Students taking a test [/_resources/img/three-column-card/testing-center.jpg]


TESTING

Testing Centers provide Academic and Specialized Testing to assist students and
faculty with their needs.

[/academics/testing/index.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/index.pcf]