https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Teacher and student work on computer
[/_resources/img/hero/developmental-education.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Continuing
Education [https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/]Developmental
Education


DEVELOPMENTAL EDUCATION

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * COACH (Career Opportunity ACHievement)
   [/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/coach/index.aspx]
 * Literacy Skills
   [/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/literacy-skills.aspx]
 * Reach Out
   [/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/reach-out.aspx]
 * Vocational Skills Courses
   [/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/vocational-skills.aspx]

Young adults with mild to moderate intellectual or developmental disabilities
who can independently and safely manage classroom expectations and find their
way to classes can continue their education through College of DuPage's
Developmental Education Program. If you are a student in a high school
transition program or have completed a transition program and are ready to
explore post-secondary resources, review some of the exciting options that are
available.

Our courses will help students continue to increase academic and employment
skills and improve overall communication and independence abilities. Once
enrolled a Literacy, Reach Out, or Vocational Skills course, students must
complete Developmental Education Information and Code of Conduct forms in order
to assist staff with providing appropriate instructional experiences. Note that
no COD-sponsored transportation is provided for these classes.  

 * Fall 2023 Class Schedule (all classes)
   [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/pmul/]


FALL 2023 COURSES

Literacy Courses


FEED YOUR NEED TO READ

This literacy-based class focuses on improving reading comprehension skills to
unlock more of each student’s learning potential. The teacher guides students
through group activities and individualized instruction to provide challenges
and boost overall reading ability!

Tuesday and Thursday, Sept. 5 to Nov. 9

5 to 5:50 p.m. 

LEISR-0070-400, $225

On campus in Glen Ellyn

Reach Out Courses


NEW COURSE: DANI-MATION INTRODUCTION

Join us for this two-hour introductory animation class specifically designed for
neurodiverse students.  You will discover the power of animation as a means of
expression, communication, and story-telling.  We will introduce you to various
techniques, tools, and software that will enable you to create your own unique
animated worlds, characters, and narratives.  Choose a session from the choice
of three below:

Monday, Oct. 16

6 to 8 p.m.

LEISR-0070-100, $149

Virtual Classroom

Monday, Oct. 23

6 to 8 p.m.

LEISR-0070-101, $149

Virtual Classroom

Monday, Oct. 30

6 to 8 p.m.

LEISR-0070-102. $149

Virtual Classroom


NEW COURSE: 1 TO 1, 2D ANIMATION INSTRUCTION

Receive the undivided attention of a skilled Dani-Mation instructor with a
customized curriculum designed to meet your specific learning goals and
interests.  Learn all about the entire animation production process or focus on
a specific topic including animation principles, storyboarding, character design
and so much more!  This course includes 4 hours of 1:1 instruction.  It will be
taught virtually and will meet at a time and date that is determined between the
student and instructor. Please call Tracy Kline at (630) 942-3779 for
registration information.

LEISR-0070-103, $272.00


NEW COURSE: SALAD PREP MAGIC

Learn all about the latest meal craze: Mason Jar Salads! Culinary expert Pamela
Neuner demonstrates how to prepare a traditional Greek salad that can be kept in
a Mason jar for weeks! Young adults and their parents are welcome to enroll in
this class. Each student will take home one Mason Jar Salad.

Wednesday, Sept. 20

5:30 to 8 p.m.

LEISR-0070-065, $49

Westmont Center (WC), Room 22


CURRENT EVENTS

Students learn about and discuss the news as it happens from day to day. We hope
to increase students’ understanding of global issues, economics, and politics in
relation to the United States and our world. 

Wednesday, Sept. 6 to Nov. 8

1 to 2:30 p.m.

LEISR-0070-055, $199

On campus in Glen Ellyn


DAILY COMMUNICATION

This course reviews basic concepts of communication. Students participate in
role-playing activities to help develop the positive verbal and non-verbal
skills and confidence needed to speak to others. 

Monday, Sept. 11 to Nov. 13

1 to 2:30 p.m.

LEISR-0070-015, $199

On campus in Glen Ellyn


EVERYDAY MATH

This class teaches students how to apply basic math skills to situations
everyone encounters on a daily basis. Concepts covered are related to money,
time, recipes and more.

Monday, Sept. 11 to Nov. 13

11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.

LEISR-0070-015, $199

On campus in Glen Ellyn


INTRODUCTION TO BABYSITTING

This course will introduce students to best practices associated with being an
effective babysitter. Topics such as basic first aid and planning
developmentally appropriate activities will be covered. Students will also learn
basic emergency protocols. Necessary supplies will be provided in class.

Tuesday and Thursday, Oct. 17 and 19

10 a.m. to noon

LEISR-0070-090, $69

On campus in Glen Ellyn


LET’S GET CRAFTING!

Students gain an introduction to loom knitting, crocheting and a variety of
other craft projects. The class explores the basics of knitting, including
casting on, binding off, using knit and purl stitches, and reading basic
knitting patterns. Students will receive a supply list prior to the start of
class.

Wednesday, Sept. 6 to Nov. 8

11:15 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.

LEISR-0070-030, $199

On campus in Glen Ellyn


NUTRITION AND HEALTH

Students explore the role of nutrition in their overall health. Topics include
the importance of food choices, food shopping, basic kitchen methods and basic
personal health care.

Wednesday, Sept. 6 to Nov. 8

11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.

LEISR-0070-050, $199

On campus in Glen Ellyn


THE CREATIVE YOU!

This class will bring out students' creativity through the opportunity to create
a variety of different crafts involving floral arrangements, decorative
laminating and a terrarium. A supply list will be sent to each student before
class begins.

Friday, Sept. 8 to Nov. 10

11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.

LEISR-0070-095, $199

On campus in Glen Ellyn

 

Vocational Skills Courses


ANIMAL CARE SKILLS

Our pets are like members of our family, and caring for them is important to
keep them happy and healthy. We will discuss all kinds of companion animals and
review common skills for care and animal-related careers. 

Tuesday and Thursday, Oct. 24 to Nov. 16

2 to 3:50 p.m.

VOCSK-0071-001, $159

Carol Stream Center (CSC), Room 108


COMPUTER SKILLS I

This class introduces computer technology and word processing. Instruction
includes an overview of the basic parts of a computer, how to create and edit
documents for business, and how to use the internet and email. Prerequisite:
Keyboard Skills I or previous keyboard experience. 

Tuesday and Thursday, Sept. 19 to Nov. 9

9 to 10:50 a.m. 

VOCSK-0021-001, $299

On campus in Glen Ellyn


FOOD SERVICE SKILLS I

This course provides basic Information required for entry-level food service
occupations. Topics include demonstration and hands-on learning related to basic
sanitation, safe food handling, safety issues, basic food preparation and
cooking.

Friday, Sept. 8 to Oct. 27

10 a.m. to 1:50 p.m.

VOCSK-0041-001, $399

Culinary and Hospitality Center (CHC), Room 1022


GENERAL OFFICE SKILLS I

This is an introduction to basic office tasks and the operation of office
machines. Topics include filing, mailing, copying, faxing and time management
skills.

Monday and Wednesday, Sept. 18 to Nov. 8

11:05 a.m. to 12:55 p.m.

VOCSK-0025-001, $299

On campus in Glen Ellyn 


HORTICULTURE SKILLS II

This course focuses on the propagation, growth and care of various plants.
Topics include types of propagation and the caring of plants from propagation to
maturity. Emphasis is placed on fall/winter plants, foliage plants, houseplants,
natives, succulents and cacti. 

This class or Horticulture Skills I is required to complete the Horticulture
Skills Series Certificate.

Tuesday and Thursday, Sept. 19 to Nov. 9

9 to 10:50 a.m.

VOCSK-0061-001, $299

Technology Education Center (TEC)


HOSPITALITY SKILLS II

Students will learn and apply hospitality skills needed to work in dining and
lodging establishments. Each session includes hands-on application at COD’s
Culinary and Hospitality Center (CHC). Students will practice housekeeping
skills in guest rooms of the on-campus boutique hotel, the Inn at Water’s Edge. 

Tuesday and Thursday, Sept. 19 to Nov. 9

Noon to 1:50 p.m. 

VOCSK-0051-001, $299

Culinary and Hospitality Center (CHC), Room 1020


WORKPLACE COMMUNICATION SKILLS I

This course introduces essential communication skills that enhance workplace
performance. Topics related to communication with employers, co-workers and the
public are emphasized.

NOTE: updated dates and times

Monday and Wednesday, Sept. 18 to Nov. 8

4 to 5:50 p.m.

VOCSK-0012-001, $299

On campus in Glen Ellyn


VOCATIONAL SKILLS

Vocational Skills courses are developmental-level, non-credit courses designed
to develop workplace skills that can lead to competitive, entry-level employment
and enhance everyday living skills. Most courses meet two days a week, two hours
a day for eight weeks on campus in Glen Ellyn. The students are integrated into
the College of DuPage campus life by being supported through the student
services that are afforded to all COD students. Read More
[/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/vocational-skills.aspx]


LITERACY SKILLS

For students interested in building fundamental reading and writing skills, we
offer Literacy classes. In a small group setting based on ability level,
students develop reading and writing skills and have the opportunity to advance
through the curriculum at their own pace. Learn More
[/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/literacy-skills.aspx]


REACH OUT

Aimed at building life skills, Reach Out courses help students develop
independence and self-advocacy abilities. Topics covered include living
independently, communication skills, current events, managing money, nutrition
and health, decision making and goal setting. Learn More
[/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/reach-out.aspx]


COACH – CAREER OPPORTUNITY ACHIEVEMENT

COACH is a two-year (four-term), cohort program for adults with mild
intellectual or developmental disabilities. COACH has been developed to provide
post-transition students with additional educational training aimed at preparing
them for meaningful employment. Learn More
[/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/coach/index.aspx]


RESOURCES

The following are additional resources for adults with disabilities.

 * Illinois Department of Human Services [http://www.dhs.state.il.us/page.aspx]
 * Parents Alliance Employment Project [http://www.parents-alliance.org/]
 * workNet DuPage Job Center [https://www.worknetdupage.org/]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Tracy Kline, Program Coordinator
(630) 942-3779
Email: klinet940@cod.edu [klinet940@cod.edu]

Continuing Education
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 1110
(630) 942-2208
Email: ce@cod.edu [ce@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-3785



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/index.pcf]