https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/geology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students listening to lecture [/_resources/img/hero/geology-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Earth Science Program
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/]Geology


GEOLOGY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Program Course Map [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/earth-science/]
 * Resources and Career Information
   [/academics/programs/earth_science/geology/resources.aspx]

Geology is the study of Earth, its material composition, and the processes that
affect its surface and interior. Students of geology evaluate the dynamic
transformations that our planet experiences today in order to better understand
how it evolved in the past and will change in the future. A full understanding
of these changes provides a greater appreciation for the relationship between
humans and their physical environment.


ADMISSIONS [/admission/index.aspx]

Students interested in pursuing a degree in geology should follow the admissions
guidelines pertaining to the Associate of Science degree.


PREREQUISITES [/records/proof-of-prerequisite.aspx]

 * Geology classes require prerequisites in math and reading.
 * Students must have completed a minimum of Math 0481 with a C or better or
   must achieve a qualifying score on the Math Placement Exam.
 * Students must achieve a minimum score of Reading Level 1 to enroll in geology
   classes.
   
   


ACADEMIC INFORMATION


PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS

Please consult a faculty member listed below before beginning your coursework.


DEGREE

 * Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-science-degree/]
 * Student Planning Worksheet
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/student_planning/student_planning_aa_as_current.pdf]:
   Use When planning your coursework. 
 * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/earth/]


RECOMMENDED COURSE LIST

 * Earth Science 1101, 1102
 * Mathematics 2231, 2232
 * Chemistry 1551, 1552
 * Physics 2111, 2112

All other course work must satisfy the general education requirements for the
Associate of Science degree.


SAMPLE CLASS SCHEDULE


SEMESTER 1

 * English 1101
 * Math 2231
 * Chem 1551
 * General Ed requirement


SEMESTER 2

 * English 1102
 * Math 2232
 * Chem 1552
 * General Ed requirement


SEMESTER 3

 * Earth 1101
 * Physics 2111
 * Speech 1100
 * General Ed requirement


SEMESTER 4

 * Earth 1102
 * Physics 2112
 * General Ed requirement
 * General Ed requirement  
 * Geology Lab/Classroom


The College of DuPage Geology Laboratory/Classroom is located in the Berg
Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3D07. Features include:

 * A comprehensive collection of museum- and demonstration-quality specimens of
   rocks, minerals, and fossils.
 * A comprehensive collection of topographic and geologic maps representing
   locations from around the United States.
 * Water and gas supplies as well as a fully integrated ventilation hood to
   permit safe physical and chemical analysis of earth materials.
 * A fully integrated audio-visual system to provide up-to-the-minute access to
   online and offline electronic resources.
 * A heavy-duty rock saw, rock polisher, and rock splitter for specimen
   processing.

The College of DuPage Earth Science Library/Student Workroom is located in the
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3D10. It provides students with access to
archival copies of geology journals and texts as well as a physical space to
complete projects and activities outside of scheduled class time. 

 


FACULTY

Joseph Filomena [/faculty/websites/filomenaj/index.aspx], Geology
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3C06B, (630) 942-2029

Mark Sutherland [/faculty/websites/sutherlandm/index.aspx], Geology
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3C06C, (630) 942-2505

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division
[/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx]
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06, (630) 942-3210


COD STORIES

Matthew Bonnan [/about/stories/students/images/matthew_bonnan.jpg]

"As the oldest of six children from a working class family, I didn’t have a lot
of resources to attend college. The start I got at COD allowed me to matriculate
at the University of Illinois at Chicago." - Matthew Bonnan

Matthew's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bonnan.aspx]


COD STORIES

Alec Gierzynski [/about/stories/students/images/alec_gierzynski.jpg]

"My advice to students is to take your classes seriously. Just taking college
classes is not enough to get you a valuable degree. Otherwise, your college
degree is just a really expensive piece of paper." - Alec Gierzynski

Alec's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gierzynski.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/earth_science/geology/index.pcf]