https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/new.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

nursing photo [/_resources/img/hero/associatenursing-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]New Degrees and Certificates


NEW DEGREES AND CERTIFICATES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
   * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/els/]
   * Kaplan International Tools for English Placement Test
     [/academics/programs/els/kite.aspx]
   * Studying with an F-1 Student Visa [/admission/international/index.aspx]
     * Admission Requirements
       [/admission/international/admissions-requirements.aspx]
     * Estimated Expenses [/admission/international/expenses.aspx]
     * English Proficiency [/admission/international/english_proficiency.aspx] 
     * Resources [/admission/international/resources.aspx]
   * Taking Classes for Your Career
     [/academics/programs/els/reading-writing.aspx]
   * Transferring Credits from Your Country
     [/records/international-transcript-evaluation.aspx]
 * Career and Technical Degree and Certificates
   [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
 * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
 * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
 * Learning Outcomes [/academics/programs/general-education-outcomes.aspx]
 * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
 * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
 * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * 3+1 Bachelor's Degree Programs [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx]
   * College Websites and Transfer Information
     [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]
   * Guaranteed Transfer Admission Programs
     [/academics/transfer/guaranteed-transfer-admission.aspx]
   * Program Agreements and Transfer Guides
     [/academics/transfer/programs/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Transfer [/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx]
   * Transfer Application Checklist
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx]
   * Transfer Events and College Visits [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx]
   * Transfer Resources [/academics/transfer/resources.aspx]
   * Transfer Scholarship Opportunities
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-scholarship-opportunities.aspx]

Adaptation and innovation are crucial in today's challenging economy. College of
DuPage stays a step ahead of the curve by regularly introducing new programs in
emerging industries and professions that are experiencing rapid growth and
providing training in new skills for existing career areas.

COD continues to monitor national, state and local employment trends to ensure
that you receive the most valuable and up-to-date learning opportunities.


AVIATION MANAGEMENT

The Aviation Management Associate in Applied Science
[/academics/programs/aviation/index.aspx] degree program prepares students for a
variety of careers in aviation including pilot, air traffic controller, aircraft
dispatcher, airline administrator, airport manager, airfield operation
specialist or aircraft cargo handling supervisor.

For more information about this program, contact a Aviation Management faculty
member or program advisor. [/academics/programs/aviation/contact.aspx]


CREATIVE WRITING CERTIFICATE

The Creative Writing Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/creative-writing-certificate/]
is a program concentration that seeks to expose learners to a variety of
creative writing genres, including poetry, creative nonfiction, drama, fiction,
and screenwriting. Four tracks are offered in the program:

 1. Poetry Writing
 2. Fiction Writing
 3. Creative Nonfiction Writing 
 4. Screenwriting

For students in each track, Introduction to Creative Writing is required,
followed by one genre writing course, one literature/theater course in the
chosen track, one program elective and one capstone course (Writing for
Publication or Literary Journal).

For more information about this program, contact an English faculty member or
program advisor. [/academics/programs/english/contact.aspx]


DATA ANALYTICS CERTIFICATE

The Data Analytics Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/data-analytics-certificate/] prepares
students for entry-level data analysis, setup and usage of business intelligence
and data analysis solutions. The certificate provides a foundation for future
training in data science and big data analysis.

For more information about this program, contact a Computer and Information
Science faculty member or program advisor.
[/academics/programs/cis/contact.aspx]


DIGITAL AND SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING CERTIFICATE

The Digital and Social Media Marketing Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/digital-social-media-marketing-certificate/]
provides students the foundational understanding of developing a digital
marketing strategy. Students will be able to optimize a company's digital
marketing efforts through SEO, digital content creation, analysis of digital
metrics, develop email campaigns and learn best website practices. Students will
have the opportunity to earn related industry certifications.

For more information about this program, contact a Business faculty member or
program advisor [/academics/programs/business/contact.aspx].


ENTRY LEVEL AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE TECHNOLOGY CERTIFICATE

The Entry Level Automotive Service Technology Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/entry-level-automotive-service-technology-certificate/]
is designed to prepare students for an entry-level career in the automotive
field. Students will learn foundational knowledge and skills in order to
diagnose, service and maintain today's sophisticated vehicles. Upon successful
completion of the program students will be prepared to take several of the
Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) Tests. The Automotive Service Technology
Program is accredited by the Automotive Service Excellence Education Foundation
(ASEEF). 

For more information about this program, contact an Automotive Services
Technology faculty member or program advisor.
[/academics/programs/autotech/contact.aspx]


HEALTHCARE OFFICE ASSISTANT CERTIFICATE

A student in the Health Care Office Assistant Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/medical-assistant/healthcare-office-assistant-certificate/]
program will learn appointment scheduling, front office tasks, basic accounting,
basic insurance coding and legal and ethical responsibilities as they pertain to
administrative office in health care settings. 

For more information about this program, contact a Medical Assistant faculty
member or program advisor. [/academics/programs/medical-assistant/contact.aspx]


INTERNET OF THINGS (IOT) PROFICIENCY CERTIFICATE

The Internet of Things (IoT) Proficiency Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/internet-of-things-proficiency-certificate/]
is designed for students who have already earned an associates or baccalaureate
degree in a technical field and/or are employed in the technical industry. The
certificate prepares students to design and develop applications using Internet
connected single-board computers and sensor devices.

For more information about this program, contact a Computer and Information
Science faculty member or program advisor.
[/academics/programs/cis/contact.aspx]


PROJECT HIRE ED APPRENTICESHIP CERTIFICATE

The Project Hire Ed Apprenticeship Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/applied-technology/project-hire-ed-apprenticeship-certificate/]
program will allow students an opportunity to pursue multiple apprenticeship
opportunities. Students will gain exposure to multiple career paths in multiple
industries. Students will complete program requirements and then select 6
courses from the emphasis tracks. Students may work with a faculty member to
develop a custom emphasis track.

For more information about this program, contact Project Hire Ed
[/project-hire-ed/index.aspx].


PYTHON LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY CERTIFICATE

The Python Language Proficiency Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/python-language-proficiency-certificate]
provides students with core competencies in the use of the Python Programming
Language. Students are required to complete coursework that includes basic and
advanced concepts in Python language programming, computer information systems,
data structure application, Python standard library applications, Data science
and programming logic and design.

For more information about this program, contact a Computer and Information
Science faculty member or program advisor.
[/academics/programs/cis/contact.aspx]


RECOVERY SUPPORT SPECIALIST CERTIFICATE

The Recovery Support Specialist Certificate
[/academics/programs/human-services/recovery-support-specialist.aspx] trains
students to become Certified Recovery Support Specialists (CRSS) or Certified
Peer Recovery Specialists (CPRS) in Illinois. The training meets certification
standards for education and practical experience hours, and it prepares students
to enter the professional field of recovery support. Students seeking this
credential should have personal experience with addiction or mental health
recovery. 


WEB DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE DEGREE

The Web Development Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-development-aas/]
degree is designed for students who wish to enter into the web development
market or already working as a web developer in the industry. This degree
prepares students to design and develop websites using the popular web
development technologies of the day.

For more information about this program, contact a Computer and Information
Science faculty member or program advisor.
[/academics/programs/cis/contact.aspx]

For general information about any of the College's new degrees and certificates,
contact Admissions and Outreach at (630) 942-2626.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/new.pcf]