https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/paralegal/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students in classroom listening to instructor
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-students-male-female-classroom.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Paralegal Studies Program


PARALEGAL STUDIES PROGRAM

The Paralegal Studies program at College of DuPage provides students with the
knowledge, training, skills, values and attitude they need to become highly
competent, ethical paralegals who will make a positive contribution to the
advancement of the paralegal profession.



ABA logo
[/academics/programs/paralegal/images/aba-approved-paralegal-program-rgb.png]





Students will gain knowledge and skills through paralegal courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/plgl/] in a broad range of topics including
criminal law and procedure, ethics, law office organizations and technology,
legal research and writing and litigation. A required paralegal practicum will
provide you with crucial hands-on practical experience in the paralegal field so
you feel prepared to enter a career in working in a law firm, corporate law
department, government agency or business organization.

Per the American Bar Association, all Paralegal Studies students must take at
least nine semester credits, or the equivalent, of legal specialty course
through synchronous instruction. This requirement can be satisfied through a
live, virtual class (VCM) or a traditional in-person class.


APPLICATION PROCESS

Prerequisite coursework which includes paralegal classes PLGL 1100 and PLGL 1150
and a paralegal program application must be completed before official admission
into the degree and certificate programs. 

First semester paralegal classes include PLGL 1100, PLGL 1150, PLGL 1200, OFTI
1200. ENGLI 1101 or equivalent also needs to be completed before earning an
Associate in Applied Science degree.



Get Started in the Program [/academics/programs/paralegal/getting-started.aspx]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Paralegals work under the supervision of an attorney and help provide high
quality, cost-effective legal services to the public or private sector.
Paralegal professionals find themselves conducting client and witness
interviews, engaging in investigations and research, drafting legal documents
and general correspondence, assisting in trial preparation and preparing
documents for real estate, probate and corporate matters

Although paralegals cannot provide legal services directly to the public, except
as permitted by law, they are becoming an indispensable part of the legal team. 

Why CODDegreesCertificatesScholarships
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career as a paralegal, planning to transfer to a
four-year college or university or updating your skills, College of DuPage has
the right program for you. We offer:

 * A paralegal program that is approved by the American Bar Association (ABA).
 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience, certification
   and licensing.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Articulated transfer agreements that provide students an affordable
   educational option with seamless transfers to prestigious universities.
 * A law library and a subscription to Westlaw, the premier legal research
   database.
 * An Advisory Council [/academics/programs/paralegal/advisory-council.aspx]
   made up of industry professionals that ensures the Paralegal program stays
   current with the ever-evolving business of law.
 * Opportunities for current paralegal students to develop long-lasting
   friendships at the Paralegal Club
   [/academics/programs/paralegal/current-students.aspx] and alumni gatherings.

Visit the Paralegal blog [http://codparalegal.wordpress.com/] to learn more
about networking events, job opportunities and more.

 

Degrees


PARALEGAL STUDIES

The Paralegal Studies, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/paralegal-studies/paralegal-studies-aas/]
degree program prepares students for careers in a variety of legal areas
including litigation, corporate, real estate and insurance.

Curriculum covers law office organization and technology, legal document
drafting, litigation, legal ethics, and legal research and writing, as well as a
variety of specialized areas of practice such as corporate and contract law,
criminal law, environmental law and immigration law. In addition to classroom
requirements, a practicum provides students with real-world experience.

The Paralegal Studies Associate in Applied Studies degree is for students who do
not have a college degree and are seeking a two-year college degree in Paralegal
Studies.

Certificates


PARALEGAL STUDIES

The Paralegal Studies post-degree certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/paralegal-studies/paralegal-studies-certificate/]
is available to students who have earned an associate’s degree (Associate in
Arts or Associate in Science) or higher.

The certificate prepares students for work in a variety of legal areas,
including litigation, corporate, real estate and insurance.

Curriculum covers business law, civil litigation, law office organization, legal
document drafting, legal ethics, legal research and writing, and MS Office for
professionals.

The certificate program is for those who already have an associate degree or a
four-year degree from a regionally accredited college/university and are seeking
to add the certificate credential to their degree.

Scholarships

Students who are planning to enroll in the Paralegal program at College of
DuPage may be qualified to receive a financial award through a variety of
supported scholarships.

 * The Honorable William J. Bauer Scholarship for Paralegal and Criminal
   Criminal and Justice Studies
 * Sally N. Fairbank Paralegal Studies Textbook Scholarship
 * Capper and Marilou Grant Paralegal Scholarship
 * Linda and Robert Jenkins Endowed Paralegal Studies Scholarship
 * Lori & Eric Swanson Paralegal Scholarship

Visit cod.edu/scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx] for requirements and
a full list of available scholarships


COD STORIES

Meggie Hernandez Zayas
[/about/stories/students/images/meggie_hernandez_zayas.jpg]

"Whenever I had an idea or goal, the answer I received was never that my idea or
goal wasn’t going to happen, but instead how can it happen." - Meggie
Hernandez-Zayas

Meggie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hernandez_zayas.aspx]


COD STORIES

Olga Bronovytska [/about/stories/students/images/olga_bronovytska.jpg]

“Without completing the Paralegal Studies program at COD, I would not have been
comfortable interpreting hearings, depositions, arbitrations and other legal
proceedings. I am very happy I completed the program and received all the
knowledge needed to call myself a professional legal interpreter." - Olga
Bronovytska

Olga's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bronovytska.aspx]


COD STORIES

Zac Wiles [/about/stories/students/images/zac_wiles.jpg]

“Take that first step toward your educational and career goals. The COD
Paralegal Studies program's American Bar Association-approved status gives you
the opportunity to earn a degree or post-degree certificate that is recognized
for meeting high standards in legal education.” - Zac Wiles

Zac's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wiles.aspx]


COD STORIES

Julianne Di Benedetto [/about/stories/students/images/julianne_dibenedetto.jpg]

“The experience that I had was life-changing. Through this program, I found an
amazing career and made lifelong friends." - Julianne Di Benedetto

Julianne's COD Story [/about/stories/students/di_benedetto.aspx]


COD STORIES

Brenda Medina [/about/stories/students/images/brenda_medina.jpg]

“COD helped me improve my skills in everything, whether I was taking a general
math class or my litigation class. I was blessed to have teachers who are not
your regular teachers. They are lawyers or judges who, most importantly, are
passionate about their careers, and that made the world of difference to me." -
Brenda Medina

Brenda's COD Story [/about/stories/students/medina.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Paralegal Studies is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].


PARALEGAL STUDIES INFORMATION SESSION

Information sessions are held periodically throughout the year to introduce
prospective students to the Paralegal Studies program. Learn More
[https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=LtmHvtjshkW0fKUEZtBPTQDCARbKqMBBpRIhZASD1rBUMTFSSTYxTEtVUTAxRkFaNzhBN0tKVzlVOS4u&web=1&wdLOR=cD8FE239A-F1C2-7846-8328-4C65BF0AB091]

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Paralegal Studies, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/paralegal-studies/paralegal-studies-aas/]
 * Paralegal Studies, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/paralegal-studies/paralegal-studies-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

The paralegal studies program is designed to provide students with the
knowledge, skills, values and attitudes they need to become highly competent,
ethical paralegals working in the delivery of legal services, and who will make
a positive contribution to the advancement of the paralegal profession.  The
program’s learning objectives, listed below, indicate the knowledge, skills, and
abilities that students will have acquired upon completion of the program.

Paralegal Studies graduates will:

 * Explain the role of the paralegal in the effective delivery of legal services
   in various settings in which paralegals work, including large and small law
   firms, corporations and businesses, governmental agencies, and legal aid
   offices.
 * Describe the ethical responsibilities of paralegals, the rules of
   professional conduct governing lawyers, and the application of these rules to
   paralegals.
 * Apply practical methods to complete assigned legal tasks.
 * Demonstrate competency in a legal setting by completing a paralegal practicum
   under the supervision of a practicing attorney and a faculty member.
 * Analyze, implement, and complete a legal research project using both print
   and electronic resources.
 * Produce legal documents that meet professional standards, reflect accurate
   legal research, and are in correct format.
 * Demonstrate proficiency in use of technology applications common in the
   workplace.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several paralegal studies transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/paralegal-studies.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


PARALEGAL PROGRAM

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video
[/_resources/img/video/paralegalprogram-vieo.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/7YwAfHDq3Nc?rel=0

The Paralegal Studies program at College of DuPage provides students with the
knowledge, training, skills, values, and attitude they need to become highly
competent, ethical paralegals who will make a positive contribution to the
advancement of the paralegal profession.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FOLLOW THE PARALEGAL STUDIES PROGRAM ON FACEBOOK

See what current paralegal students are doing in the program by following
Paralegal Studies on social media. 

 * Facebook
   [/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
   @codparalegal [https://www.facebook.com/codparalegal/]

 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Paralegal Studies
program.

What is a paralegal and what do they do?

A paralegal is an individual who is educated and trained to perform legal tasks
delegated and supervised by an attorney.

While specific paralegal duties vary depending on the work setting, paralegals
frequently conduct client and witness interviews, engage in investigations and
legal research, draft legal documents and general correspondence, assist in
trial preparation and during a trial, and prepare documents for real estate,
probate, and corporate matters. All paralegal duties are conducted under the
supervision of an attorney.

Paralegals experience high job satisfaction since they are frequently given a
great deal of responsibility and independence in performing their work,although
their work is reviewed by the supervising attorney. In addition, many paralegals
meet the public on a regular basis.

Paralegal jobs can offer much variety as well as intellectual challenges, and
paralegals experience the rewards of serving a client's needs as part of a legal
team.

What are the skills and traits of a successful paralegal?

Successful paralegals are highly organized and detail-oriented. They enjoy
problem-solving and can work well independently. They have excellent
communication skills, and particularly, superior writing skills. They are
accomplished in the use of technology. They are good at listening and following
directions. They work well with the public and understand the necessity of
maintaining client confidentiality. They act and dress professionally.

Some employers suggest that paralegals should have a "thick skin" because
attorneys can be short-tempered and abrupt when business needs are pressing.

What are the job requirements for working as a paralegal?

Job requirements vary widely. Some require a post-degree paralegal certificate
in addition to a four-year college degree, others may accept a two-year
associate degree, and still others may not require any formal paralegal
education as long as the individual has law office experience or is willing to
be trained on the job.

Frequently employers seek a paralegal with a combination of formal paralegal
coursework at a college or university plus paralegal experience in a law office.
Strong communication and analytical abilities, plus skill in using technology
applications that are common in law offices (Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and
legal research technology such as Westlaw) are usually preferred and may be
required.

How long does it take to complete the Paralegal Studies program at COD?

The length of the program varies depending upon the program in which you are
enrolled. College of DuPage has two program tracks, one for students seeking a
college degree  and another for students who already have either a two-year or
four-year degree and are seeking a post-degree certificate. 

Students without previous college credit who attend school full-time (15 to 18
credit hours per semester) can obtain an Associate in Applied Science degree in
Paralegal Studies in two years. Students with a college degree who attend school
full time (12 to 15 credit hours per semester) can obtain a Paralegal
Certificate in one year.

Courses are rigorous and demanding and it may be in the student's best interests
to take less than a full load each semester. There is no required time period
within which to complete the program.

What is the paralegal practicum that is required in the program?

The required Paralegal Practicum, PLGL 2600, is an excellent way to obtain job
experience.

Student perform 120 hours of paralegal work during the semester (approximately
eight hours per week during the fall and spring semesters), working in a law
office under the supervision of an attorney.

Required seminars on campus provide the students with information about resume
writing, interviewing skills, creating a professional portfolio, and creating a
personal website for posting an electronic portfolio. The program culminates in
a "Portfolio Expo" in which area attorneys, practicing paralegals, and other
career professionals review and critique the students' portfolios, ask mock
interview questions, and provide constructive information about obtaining
employment as a paralegal.

Students are eligible to enroll in the practicum after they have been admitted
into the program and taken PLGL 1200 - Civil Litigation, PLGL 1500 -
Introduction to Legal Research and Writing, and PLGL 1250 - Legal Ethics and Law
Office Organizations. Instructor consent to enroll in the practicum is also
required. There is a separate application that must be completed approximately
ten weeks before the beginning of the semester in which the student seeks to
enroll in the class. 

Students are expected to locate a practicum site on their own by undertaking a
self-directed search, which gives them valuable job-search skills. The
Coordinator provides a letter of introduction for the students to use as they
search for their internship, as well as a list of prospective internship sites
and a variety of resources for obtaining an internship. Before receiving the
instructor's consent to enroll in the practicum, students must demonstrate that
they have obtained a practicum site, or have made significant efforts to obtain
one. Students who have difficulty obtaining a practicum site can seek
suggestions from the Program Coordinator. Students currently working in a law
office may use their existing job to fulfill the work requirement for the
practicum, as long as their supervisor is an attorney who agrees to serve as
their site mentor and assign them paralegal work that is outside the scope of
their ordinary duties.

How much does it cost to complete the paralegal program at COD?

The Associate in Applied Science degree program is either 67 credit hours or 70
credit hours, depending on which math class you take.

If you take Math 1100, you will also need to take Psychology 1100 or Sociology
1100, which brings the degree program up to 70 credit hours. If you take Math
1218, you do not need to take the additional psychology or sociology class.
Therefore, the degree program will cost either $9,380 for 67 credit hours or
$9,800 for 70 credit hours.

If you already have a college degree, you will be in the certificate program,
which is 36 credit hours. At the current tuition rate
[/costs/tuition/index.aspx], the certificate program will cost $5,040. 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Paralegal Studies Program
[/academics/programs/paralegal/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/paralegal/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/paralegal/index.pcf]