https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/mammography/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students in mammography lab giving a mammogram
[/_resources/img/hero/mamm-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Mammography


MAMMOGRAPHY PROGRAM

The Mammography program at College of DuPage is a one-semester, seven-credit
post-radiography advanced certificate program. The program has limited
enrollment and is offered once a year during the fall semester, with a summer
application deadline. In order to be considered for admission to this program,
students must be graduates of an accredited Radiography program.

Mammography classes [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/dmir/] are held at the
College of DuPage campus in Glen Ellyn on Mondays and Wednesdays from 5 to 8
p.m. Clinical rotations are 16 hours per week; these hours can be scheduled with
your assigned clinical site. Upon successful completion, students receive an
Advanced Certificate in Mammography from the College and are eligible to take
the national certification exam in Mammography administered by the American
Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT).

The program curriculum incorporates the standards established by the American
Society of Radiologic Technologists (ASRT) and the guidelines set forth by the
ARRT. The curriculum includes the initial Mammography Quality Standards Act
(MQSA) training and education requirement. 


ADMISSION INFORMATION

Applicants who are graduates of an accredited Radiography program and hold or
will hold ARRT certification in Radiography and a current Illinois Emergency
Management Association (IEMA) Medical Radiography license by the application
deadline are eligible to apply for admission.

To be considered for admission into the program, you will need to follow
specific admission requirements outlined in the Mammography Admissions Packet.
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/mammography.pdf]



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Mammographers are highly-trained professionals who work with sophisticated
low-dose X-ray equipment to produce both screening and diagnostic images of the
breast. Professional duties include performing breast imaging procedures,
recording a patient’s clinical history, preparing patients for procedures,
operating mammography imaging equipment, evaluating breast images for diagnostic
and technical quality and assisting with interventional procedures and quality
control tests.

Why CODCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in mammography, planning to transfer to a
four-year college or university or switching career paths, COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Affordable tuition that get you on the fast track to success without breaking
   the bank.
 * Clinical affiliations
   [/academics/programs/radiography/clinical-affiliates.aspx] with healthcare
   clinics around the area.

Certificates


MAMMOGRAPHY

The Mammography Advanced Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-radiography/mammography-certificate/]
program is designed to meet or exceed the requirements established by the
American Registry of Radiologic Technology [https://www.arrt.org/] (ARRT) and
those set by the Mammography Quality Standards Act
[https://www.fda.gov/radiation-emitting-products/regulations-mqsa/mammography-quality-standards-act-mqsa]
(MQSA).

Upon successful completion, students receive an Advanced Certificate in
Mammography from the college and are eligible to take the national certification
exam administered by the ARRT.


GET STARTED TODAY

Get started in the Mammography program by reading the admissions packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/mammography.pdf]. The packet contains an
admissions checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible for
admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/mammography/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Mammography, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-radiography/mammography-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Diagnostic Medical Imaging Radiography – Mammography Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate patient care skills.
 * Practice universal precautions and radiation safety.
 * Understand the American Cancer Society (ACS) guidelines for screening
   mammography, patient dosage, and the possibility for additional projections
   and/or other breast imaging procedures with the patient.
 * Document patient clinical history relevant to the performance and
   interpretation of the mammography exam.
 * Perform screening and/or diagnostic mammograms on both full field digital and
   digital breast tomosynthesis (3D) mammography equipment.
 * Perform mammograms by positioning the patient and equipment according to
   department protocol or requisition.
 * Select equipment appropriate to the patient and the examination to be
   performed.
 * Select and record exposure factors based upon breast tissue density,
   patient's age, numerical compression scale and equipment characteristics.
 * Evaluate images for diagnostic quality.
 * Perform quality assurance tests required by the ACR for all digital
   mammography equipment.
 * Observe, assist with or participate in specialty exams (augmented
   breasts/interventional/special procedures)
 * Review mammography exams with a radiologist.
 * Identify and label the anatomical structures of the breast.
 * Compare breast anatomical structures to mammographic anatomical structures.
 * Identify and label breast anatomical structures on a mammographic image
 * Describe breast augmentation and identify the types of breast implants, the
   common implant locations, and the anatomical changes to the augmented breast.
 * Describe the anomalies of development that can occur in the breast.
 * Recognize clinical breast changes.
 * List the physical changes of the breast related to pathology.
 * List the mammographic changes of the breast related to pathology and identify
   the common mammographic appearance of breast pathology.
 * Define treatment options for breast cancer.

American Registry Radiologic Technologists (AART) Requirements

According to the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists, (ARRT), all
candidates must demonstrate core clinical procedures to establish eligibility
for ARRT certification. Candidates are required to perform procedures, document
performance, maintain records and apply for certification.

The following requirements are the minimum core clinical procedures necessary to
establish eligibility for ARRT Mammography certification: 

 * Sixteen (16) hours of structured education related to the content
   specifications of the ARRT mammography exam.
 * A minimum of one (1) hour in each of the following: 
   Patient Care including Patient Interaction and Management, Image Production
   including Image Acquisition and Quality Assurance, Procedures including:
   Anatomy, Physiology, Pathology, Mammographic Positioning, Special Needs and
   Imaging procedures.
 * 75 mammograms – screening and/or diagnostic
 * Quality control procedures
 * Selected special procedures including interventional and special examinations
 * Mammographic review and critique with radiologist

Initial Mammography Quality Standards Act (MQSA) requirements:

 * Forty (40) hours of training/education specific to mammography under the
   supervision of a qualified instructor
 * 25 screening mammograms under direct supervision of an ARRT registered
   Mammographer or Radiologist

AART requirements must be completed within 24 months immediately before applying
for certification. 

Candidates must use the Mammography Clinical Experience Documentation Form
online to record the performance of each procedure and must keep this form for
at least 24 months after the application for certification is submitted. 

Additionally, candidates must complete the verification section of the ARRT
application, attesting to completion of the requirements. The ARRT conducts
audits of some applications for certification. NOTE: Submitting false
documentation to the ARRT as part of the application process is a violation of
the ARRT Standards of Ethics and may result in revocation of eligibility for
certification in all categories, including those already held. 

U.S. Food and Drug Administration Mammography Quality Standards Act (MQSA)
Requirements

To meet Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Mammography Quality Standards
students must: 

 * Obtain state licensure.
 * Obtain certification in General Radiology.
 * Complete requirements in no longer than two years.


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Mammography
program.

What is mammography?
Mammography is a medical imaging modality that uses ionizing radiation to
produce images of the breast for screening, diagnosis and treatment purposes.
Graduates of the Mammography program are known as Mammographers.
What does a mammographer do?

Mammographers are educated in physics, radiation safety, breast anatomy and
pathology, and patient care. Duties include the performance of breast imaging
procedures, corroboration of a patient's clinical history, patient preparation
for procedures, operation of breast imaging equipment and associated devices,
evaluation of breast images for technical quality, and assistance with
interventional procedures and specific quality control tests.

Excluding cancer of the skin, breast cancer is the most common cancer found in
women, accounting for one in three cancers diagnosed in women each year. Most
doctors feel that early detection tests for breast cancer save many thousands of
lives each year.

Where do mammographers work?

Members of this profession mainly work in hospitals, outpatient care centers,
and FDA/ACR-accredited diagnostic imaging centers under the supervision of
board-certified radiologists. Most full-time mammographers work about 40 hours
per week. They may, however, have evening and weekend hours. Opportunities for
part-time and shift work also are available.

Is there a separate application process for the Mammography program?

 Yes, in addition to enrolling at College of DuPage, a student must also
complete a separate admissions process for this program. Applicants must be ARRT
registered technologists in good standing and hold IEMA licensure.

For details about this process, see the Mammography Admissions Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/mammography.pdf].

Is the Mammography program at COD accredited?

Yes, the COD Mammography program is accredited by the North Central Association
of Colleges and Schools (NCA) [https://www.hlcommission.org/]and Higher Learning
Commission. In addition, the program policies and procedures have been designed
to meet or exceed those established by the American Registry of Radiologic
Technology (ARRT [https://www.arrt.org/]) and those set by the Mammography
Quality Standards Act (MQSA)
[https://www.fda.gov/Radiation-EmittingProducts/MammographyQualityStandardsActandProgram/Regulations/ucm110823.htm].
Upon successful completion, students receive an Advanced Certificate in
Mammography from the college and are eligible to take the national certification
exam administered by the ARRT.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Mammography Program [/academics/programs/mammography/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/mammography/current-students.aspx]



Mammography Admissions PacketDownload Now
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/mammography.pdf]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/mammography/index.pcf]