https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/refunds/account-credit-balances.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

balances and refunds image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-cmc-building-closeup-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Tuition [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/]Refunds
for Dropped Courses [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/refunds/]Account Credit
Balances


ACCOUNT CREDIT BALANCES

College of DuPage resolves eligible student account credit balances in
accordance with all applicable regulations.

A credit balance results when the total amount of credits applied to a student
account (i.e. payments, grant and/or loan disbursements, scholarships, etc.)
exceeds the total semester charges.

Anticipated funds, including anticipated financial aid and student payments, are
not considered credits to a student’s account until the funds have been applied
to the account.


TYPES OF STUDENT ACCOUNT CREDIT BALANCES

A student account credit balance may result from several sources, including
personal funds; Title IV Federal Student Aid; and Non-Title IV Funds, such as
private loans and grants, and other external awards. Credit balances may also be
related to and affected by changes in a student's enrollment status and/or
financial aid eligibility
[/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx]
during a semester.


STUDENT ACCOUNT CREDIT BALANCES RESULTING FROM TITLE IV FEDERAL STUDENT AID

College of DuPage will credit Title IV Federal Student Aid (Title IV) to a
student’s account only against allowable institutional charges, including: (1)
current charges for tuition and fees, (2) educationally related prior-year
charges, up to and not exceeding $200, (3) other educationally related charges
incurred by the student with the student’s written authorization
[/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/index-b.aspx].

If the total amount of Title IV credited to a student’s account exceeds the
aforementioned allowable institutional charges, a student account credit balance
will occur.


STUDENT ACCOUNT REFUNDS

College of DuPage regularly monitors student account credit balances and reviews
accounts for accuracy of charges and funds posted. Student account refunds are
issued no later than 14 days after the credit balance was generated on the
student’s account, provided the credit balance occurs in a current or prior
semester. The refund schedule may be adjusted due to campus closures and/or
holidays.

Credit balances in future semesters will not automatically be refunded to the
student until after the start of the semester. If a credit balance exists in a
future semester due to Non-Title IV funds and no additional changes will be made
to the student account for the applicable semester, an expedited refund may be
requested by sending an email to the Cashier’s Office
[Cashiers@cod.edu?subject=Student%20Account%20Refund%20Inquiry] from your
student email account denoting the request, the term, your name, and your
student ID.


ISSUING REFUNDS

College of DuPage provides notification via email to students when refunds are
issued on a student’s account.

Student account refunds may be issued via direct deposit
[/costs/tuition/refunds/pdf/enroll_direct_deposit_erefunds.pdf], credit card, or
paper check. College of DuPage’s preferred refund method is direct deposit (also
known as eRefunds). Enrollment is free and can be done through the student
portal.

If a refund issued via direct deposit is returned by the bank to College of
DuPage, the eRefund profile will be removed, the student will be notified via
email, and the refund will be issued the following week. The student will have
to reenroll in eRefunds to receive direct deposits going forward.

Credit balances resulting from credit card payments will be attempted to be
refunded to the original card used to make a payment on the student account,
provided the payment occurred within 60 days of the refund date.


ACCOUNT BALANCES, RETURNS, PAYMENTS

In some cases, if a student account refund is issued and a balance is
subsequently created on the student’s account, it is the student’s
responsibility to return the funds to College of DuPage or pay the balance in
accordance with the College’s billing and payments policies, including any
applicable penalties and late fees.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Cashier's Office
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2424

Phone Hours
Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
(630) 942-2206

Hours
Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Available through email inquiries at cashiers@cod.edu
[cashiers@cod.edu?subject=Website%20inquiry]Fax: (630) 942-2909


EREFUND ENROLLMENT

When a student account has a credit balance due to payments and credits
exceeding the total charges due, a student account refund may be issued. College
of DuPage offers you the opportunity to have your student refund directly
deposited [/costs/tuition/refunds/pdf/enroll_direct_deposit_erefunds.pdf] into
your bank account.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/tuition/refunds/account-credit-balances.pcf]