https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/dental/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Dental student working with mannequin on x-rays
[/_resources/img/hero/dental-radiography.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Dental Hygiene Program


DENTAL HYGIENE PROGRAM

The Dental Hygiene program teaches students how to provide comprehensive oral
health care services in a variety of clinical and professional settings from
private practices, hospitals and health departments to colleges, dental-related
businesses and health maintenance organizations. Through dental hygiene courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/dehyg/], students will learn how to monitor
a patient's dental health history, examine teeth and oral structures including
tissues, conduct an oral cancer screening, plan and complete dental hygiene
treatments and control of disease and educate and promote overall health.

The program consists of five semesters in length. A minimum cumulative 3.0 grade
point average is required. The Dental Hygiene Program Policy and Procedures
Manual
[/academics/programs/dental/pdf/policy_and_procedures_manual.pdf] outlines the
professional and ethical standards you will need to follow while enrolled in the
program.

Upon successful completion and passing of the National Dental Hygiene
Examination and Regional Board Examination, students are eligible to apply for
mandatory state licensure. 

The Dental Hygiene program is accredited by the Commission on Dental
Accreditation of the American Dental Association [https://www.ada.org/] and
affiliated with the American Dental Hygienists' Association
[https://www.adha.org/].

In order to apply, you must follow specific admission criteria before being
admitted into the program and follow the admission checklist located in the
Dental Hygiene admission packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dental.pdf]. Due to the high volume of
qualified in-district applicants and following COD policy, 100 percent of the
accepted applicants have been in-district residences.



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




ORIENTATION

After you have been accepted into the program, information regarding a mandatory
2-part orientation will be sent to you. Both parts are mandatory for admissions
into the dental hygiene program.


PART ONE: ZOOM MAY MEETING

Due date for the following will be discussed at the Zoom meeting:

 * All health requirements
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/healthrequirements.pdf] including
   Castle Branch Chart review to be completed. Do not begin until instructed to
   do so.
 * Background check ordered and results available
 * Drug test ordered and results available

All submissions made to the college and college processes regarding admissions
to the dental hygiene program MUST be submitted early so all decisions
surrounding your continued admissions to the dental hygiene program can be
completed.

If the deadline for the above is not met for any reason, your position will
automatically be forfeited and the next student on the alternate list will be
contacted. The deadline of the above is firm.


PART TWO: ON CAMPUS JULY MEETING

Check back for further information on the July meeting.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

A dental hygiene career offers opportunities to help people through clinical,
educational and therapeutic services in order to prevent disease and promote
good health.

Why CODDegreesDental Hygiene Clinic
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing the Dental Hygiene Clinic
   [/academics/programs/dental/dental-hygiene-clinic/index.aspx] which consists
   of state-of-the-art equipment used in modern dental offices.
 * The opportunity to treat real patients before graduating and finding
   employment.
 * An excellent pass rate for national and regional board examinations.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.

Degrees


DENTAL HYGIENE

The Dental Hygiene, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/dental-hygiene/dental-hygiene-aas/]
degree program teaches students how to provide comprehensive oral health care in
a variety of settings.  

Dental Hygiene Clinic

The Dental Hygiene Clinic
[/academics/programs/dental/dental-hygiene-clinic/index.aspx] at College of
DuPage provides state-of-the-art educational facility and hands-on experience to
students while also providing dental hygiene services to the community. Dental
Hygiene students are supervised by licensed dental hygiene instructors and
clinical dentists.

If a patient presents with dental disease beyond the scope of our students'
clinical abilities, a proper referral will be given to the patient so their
dental disease can continue to be treated elsewhere. If a patient qualifies to
be treated in the COD Dental Hygiene Clinical, the patient must be aware that
multiple 3-hour appointments will be required. 


COD STORIES

Vraj Patel [/about/stories/students/images/vraj-patel.jpg]

"Through hands-on experiences in clinical rotations, I gained practical skills
and valuable real-world experience. The supportive learning environment,
including tutoring and academic advising, helped me overcome challenges and set
academic goals." - Vraj Patel

Vraj's COD Story [/about/stories/students/vraj_patel.aspx]


COD STORIES

Roxanne Peterson [/about/stories/students/images/roxanne_peterson.jpg]

"I never thought college was a possibility for me because I have dyslexia,
making school fairly difficult. College of DuPage has transformed this fear into
a learning opportunity." - Roxanne Peterson

Roxanne's COD Story [/about/stories/students/peterson_roxanne.aspx]


COD STORIES

SUnil Joshua [/about/stories/students/images/sunil-joshua.jpg]

"The Dental Hygiene program is the best program to be in, not just in terms of a
high board pass rate but also in terms of becoming a true dental hygiene
professional, armed with great skills, knowledge, confidence and education." -
Sunil Joshua

Sunil's COD Story [/about/stories/students/joshua.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Dental Hygiene program is to read the
Dental Hygiene admissions packet.
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dental.pdf] The packet contains an
admission checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible for
admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/dental/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Dental Hygiene, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/dental-hygiene/dental-hygiene-aas/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Dental Hygiene Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate knowledge of written and oral communication
 * Reveal the ability to properly and completely document and record findings
   and treatments properly and completely in patient records.
 * Demonstrate the ability to determine appropriate treatment protocol for
   patients
 * Show evidence of having knowledge of the structures of the head and neck and
   dental anatomy relating to the proper treatment of a patient
 * Demonstrate knowledge of dental hygiene sciences relating to patient
   assessment, patient treatment, and patient evaluation
 * Show knowledge of the prevention of disease transmission and the use of
   proper infection control policies and procedures
 * Show the use of caries preventive materials such as fluoride and sealants
 * Present knowledge of the physical and chemical properties of dental materials
 * Demonstrate knowledge of radiation sciences including radiation physics,
   biology, radiation protection
 * Demonstrate the ability to expose, process and interpret dental radiographs
 * Demonstrate the ability to incorporate the principles of nutrition and
   biochemistry into dental hygiene patient care.
 * Demonstrate the ability to carry out critical steps in the prevention,
   preparation, early recognition and/or appropriate management of common
   medical emergencies seen in the dental office.
 * Show evidence of having knowledge of periodontal anatomy and the physiology
   and etiology of periodontal disease.
 * Demonstrate the clinical procedures associated with the management of
   periodontal disease and maintenance of periodontal health.
 * Demonstrate knowledge of the necessary research methodologies and statistical
   analysis needed in the dental hygiene clinical setting.
 * Demonstrate the ability to create, implement and evaluate a dental health
   care program in the community.
 * Show evidence of knowledge of the classifications and varieties of common
   drugs used by potential dental patients along with knowing the pharmacologic
   effects and adverse reactions
 * Demonstrate the ability to administer local anesthetic properly.
 * Exhibit knowledge of the pharmacokinetics of local and general anesthetic
   agents and their use.
 * Demonstrate knowledge of the professional role as health care provider and
   member of the dental team.

 




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several dental hygiene transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/dental-hygiene.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


DENTAL HYGIENE STUDENT TESTIMONIALS




CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Dental Hygiene
program.

Do I have to complete all of the general education courses and prerequisite
courses prior to application to the program?

We strongly advise applicants take as many or all of the general education
requirements due to the rigorous schedule of the program. English 1101 is a
prerequisite course; however, it is not calculated into the minimum 12 point
science merit evaluation. All prerequisite courses must be completed by the
deadline date of each year.

Do I have to have dental office experience to apply to the program?
No, applicants are not required to have dental experience. However, we strongly
recommend shadowing in a dental office.
How many times can I take the HESI-A2 Exam for the Dental Hygiene program, and
what score do I need?

All applicants MUST take the HESI A2 Examination prior to application to the
program. Applicants are only allowed to take the examination twice per
application year. If you score above 50 percent in all five categories of the
test, you should not need to retake the test. HESI testing must be completed
within five years of applying to the program in order for it to be valid for
application purposes.

 
Is it possible to maintain a full-time job as a student in the COD Dental
Hygiene program?
 Due to the intensity of the program, it is recommended that students work a
maximum of 10 to 14 hours per week.
If I have had prior dental experience, i.e. certified dental assistant or
internationally prepared dentist, do I have to take all of the courses in the
program or will I be exempt from any of them?

Students accepted into the program are not exempt from any courses within the
Dental Hygiene program. Any applicant who applies to the program and has not
taken the prerequisite science courses within five years of application to the
program must retake these courses. Due to U.S. accrediting guidelines from the
American Dental Association Commission on Dental Accreditation, no dental
coursework can be transferred to the Dental Hygiene program.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Dental Hygiene Program [/academics/programs/dental/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/dental/current-students.aspx]



Dental Hygiene Admission PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dental.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/dental/index.pcf]