https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Africa American leaders marching
[/_resources/img/hero/black-history-month-2023.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Center for Student Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/csdi/]Black
History Month


BLACK HISTORY MONTH 2023

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Faculty Resources
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/bhm_faculty_resources.aspx]


2023 NATIONAL THEME: CELEBRATING BLACK RESISTANCE

As Adopted From the Association for the Study of African American Life and
History

This year, College of DuPage examines how African Americans have resisted
historic and ongoing systemic oppression in various forms throughout American
history up to the modern era. This time of teaching, learning, reflection and
celebration will explore the struggles and triumphs of black people who have had
to consistently push the United States to live up to its ideals of freedom,
liberty and justice for all as they continue to advocate for a dignified
self-determined life in a just, democratic society (ASAALH, 2023).


DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. SCHOLARSHIP AWARDS

Scholarship applications have been closed.

Contact swoped28@cod.edu [swoped28@cod.edu] for more information. 


EVENTS

Events on this calender are subject to change or cancellation pending
circumstances beyond the control of Center for Student Diversity Equity and
Inclusion.

Past events the week of Feb. 1


2023 BLACK HISTORY MONTH OPENING CELEBRATION FEATURING AFRIKAN DANCE & MUSIC
INSTITUTE

Wednesday, Feb. 1

College of DuPage opens with a rousing history inspired celebration to start a
month of teaching and learning. We will hear from select student speakers,
President Brian Caputo, and Dean Dr. Nathania Montes. Afrikan Dance & Music
Institute returns to teach through artistic expression.

Past events for week of Feb. 6


BLACK RESISTANCE AND THE CLASSROOM

Dr. Theo Darden
Professor Criminal and Justice Studies, College of DuPage

Tuesday, Feb. 7


Join College of DuPage’s award winning and relevant educator Professor Theo
Darden as he provides insight on advocacy and justice from the lens of a former
police officer and supervisor in three different agencies in Wisconsin, as well
as a training officer, an education consultant for police training and
curriculum development, and a special advisor to the Attorney General on school
safety.


DIVERSE DONOR BLOOD DRIVE

Wednesday, Feb. 8

Did you know that donor diversity improves patient outcomes, as rare and
uncommon blood types are often found in similar ethnic populations? Our goal is
to donate blood as diverse as the community we serve. Everyone who signs in to
donate received a $10 gift card. Register for Diverse Donor Blood Drive
[https://donate.illinois.versiti.org/donor/schedules/drive_schedule/5603541].
Walk-ins are welcome.


FREEDOM SEEKERS AND THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD IN NORTHEASTERN ILLINOIS

Dr. Larry McClelland

Sponsored by the College of DuPage History Department

Wednesday, Feb. 8

Dr. McClelland is Emeritus Professor of Sociology and Community Studies at
Governors State University. He has several publications on the Underground
Railroad in Illinois and is currently completing a manuscript on “Freedom
Seekers and the Underground Railroad in Northeastern Illinois.”


THE ANNUAL AFRICAN-AMERICAN READ-IN

Thursday, Feb. 9

As introduced to the College of DuPage by the Africa and African Diaspora
Committee, The National African American Read-In is the nation’s first and
oldest event dedicated to diversity in literature. A national literacy
initiative of the National Council of Teachers of English (NCTE), the event is
sponsored on campus by the College of DuPage Library.  The COD event will
feature student, faculty and staff volunteer readers presenting their favorite
selections from African American books, essays, music and poetry collections, as
well as brief biological sketches of the authors. COD’s Dr. Peter James will
serve as facilitator.

Past events for week of Feb. 13


AN ACTIVIST FOR PEACE

Ken Nwadike Jr. – Special Guest Speaker

Tuesday, Feb. 14


Ken E. Nwadike, Jr. is an American documentary filmmaker, motivational speaker,
and peace activist popularly known as the Free Hugs Guy. Ken is the founder of
the Free Hugs Project, which gained popularity as he made major news headlines
for his peacekeeping efforts and de-escalation of violence during protests,
riots, and political rallies. Ken was featured in Google’s 2016 Year in Search
video as a highlight among some of the year’s most defining moments and he has
made many appearances on news programs, including CNN, USA Today, Good Morning
Britain, and BBC News.


FREEDOM RIDERS

Thomas Armstrong

Sponsored by Student Life

Thursday, Feb. 16

Born in Silver Creek, Mississippi, Thomas Armstrong as a student at Tougaloo
College, got involved in civil rights work. He organized black Mississippians to
register to vote, despite threats on his life. And in 1961 he and three other
Tougaloo students took part in the Freedom Rides, a campaign to integrate
interstate buses. Come and hear his courageous story.

Past events for week of Feb. 20


BLACK RESISTANCE AND FASHION

Black Student Alliance (BSA) and Fashion Mob Clubs

Interactive Fashion Exhibit, Gallery, Music and Bake Sale

Tuesday, Feb. 21

Open to the entire COD community, BSA and FASH MOB student clubs will lead a
lively interactive exhibit which explores the past, present and future of
fashion and its role in social activism, protests and rally’s for liberty. There
will be refreshments, music and BSA will host a separate club bake sale.


DUSABLE MUSEUM OUTING

Saturday, Feb. 25

Celebrating over 50 years of sharing history, DuSable Museum of African American
History is the nation’s first independent museum dedicated to the collection,
preservation and study of the history and culture of Africans and Americans of
African descent. Registration required. Contact swoped28@cod.edu
[swoped28@cod.edu] for more information.

Past events week of Feb. 27


CLOSING CEREMONY - A TASTE OF HISTORY

Featuring Zion Lion Reggae Band and Garafuna Flava Caribbean Cuisine

Tuesday, Feb. 28


Reception in the SRC Cafeteria with awards, great food, artifacts and documents
that celebrate the rich and diverse culture of blacks in America. Special guest
Zion Lion Reggae Band comes to COD and Garifuna Flava returns with a taste of
Caribbean style cuisine.


2023 BLACK HISTORY MONTH PHOTO EXHIBIT: BLACK RESISTANCE

Wednesday, Feb. 1 through March 17

Student Recourse Center (SRC), Lower Level Walkway

Explore and learn as you engage in images and captions from past to present day
people, places and stories of African Americans who have advocated for liberty,
equity and equal rights against a culture of systemic oppression.


2023 BLACK HISTORY MONTH EXPRESSIONS COMPETITION

Guided by a quote, song, book or art from an African American, students are
invited to submit an essay, a story, a piece of art or music, a poem, or any
other form of expression. Top three submittals will be awarded and their
selections will be featured at the BHM closing ceremony.

 


ARCHIVE

 * Black History Month 2022
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/black-history-month-2022.aspx]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Center for Student Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (CSDEI)
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2225E

David A. Swope Sr.
Manager, Student Diversity Equity and Inclusion
(630) 942-2565 
Email: swoped28@cod.edu [swoped28@cod.edu]
Office Hours: Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codstudentdei [https://instagram.com/codstudentdei/]

Photo credit: Civil Rights March on Washington, D.C. (Leaders marching from the
Washington Monument to the Lincoln Memorial; Wikimedia Commons)

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019-clone&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/index.pcf]