https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/professional-judgment.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students in a computer lab listening to the teacher
[/_resources/img/hero/cis-classroom.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Financial Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/]Professional Judgment/Special
Circumstances


PROFESSIONAL JUDGMENT/SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Contact Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/contact.aspx]
 * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
 * Emergency Funding [/costs/financial_aid/emergency-funding.aspx]
 * Federal Work Study [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Workshops [/costs/financial_aid/workshops.aspx]
 * Parent and Family Guide [/costs/financial_aid/parent-family-guide.aspx]
 * Professional Judgment [/costs/financial_aid/professional-judgment.aspx]
 * Steps to Apply [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/index.aspx]
   * Attendance and Financial Aid'
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/attendance-and-financial-aid.aspx]
   * Contact Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/contact.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Dates
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Forms
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/index.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Policies [/costs/financial_aid/policies/index.aspx]
     * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
     * Return of Title IV Aid
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx]
     * Rights and Responsibilities
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx]
     * Satisfactory Academic Progress
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Terms
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-terms.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Verification
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/fafsa-verification.aspx]
   * General Eligibility Requirements
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx]
   * Understanding Your Offer Letter
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/offer-letter.aspx]
   * Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]
 * Student Loans [/costs/financial_aid/student-loans.aspx]

Have a special circumstance that requires your Free Application for Federal
Student Aid (FAFSA) to be adjusted? The Office of Student Financial Assistance
has the ability to make adjustments to your financial aid eligibility based on
your situation.


PROFESSIONAL JUDGMENT

Professional Judgment refers to the school's authority to make adjustments, on a
case-by-case basis, to information reported on the FAFSA so that the Department
of Education can recalculate the Expected Family Contribution (EFC). The EFC is
the number that the school uses to determine if a student is eligible for
need-based financial aid.

Please note: The school does not have the authority to make direct adjustments
to the EFC or the formula used to calculate the EFC, just data elements on the
FAFSA which may change the EFC. Students who also do not meet the Satisfactory
Academic Progress (SAP) policy at the College of DuPage are not eligible to
receive Title IV funding via an appeal for Professional Judgment.

Professional Judgment Process

The professional judgment process requires a thorough review by the Office of
Student Financial Assistance to determine what changes, if any, may be
appropriate based on your FAFSA application. This process is time-intensive and
includes the following steps:

 1. Submit a Professional Judgment Request
    The student must submit all Professional Judgment paperwork electronically
    using the student portal or using the link below.
 2. Professional Judgment Processing
    The student’s file is then reviewed to determine if all required
    documentation has been submitted. If additional documentation is needed, the
    student will be notified via their COD email account.
 3. Professional Judgment Decision
    The Office of Student Financial Assistance will determine if a student's
    Professional Judgment request meets the criteria to make data element
    changes to their FAFSA.

If the request for Professional Judgment is approved, appropriate changes will
be made to the student's FAFSA and submitted to the Department of Education. The
Department of Education will then recalculate the Expected Family Contribution
(EFC) and the student's eligibility for need-based aid. The student will be
notified via their COD email account.

If denied, the student will be notified via their COD email account.

In some cases, an adjustment does not increase the student's eligibility for
grants or the total amount of aid awarded.

The Office of Student Financial Assistance reserves the right to deny any
appeals that would not increase a student's eligibility for aid. The decision of
the Office of Student Financial Assistance is final and cannot be appealed to
the Department of Education.

Special Circumstances Considered for a Professional Judgment

Special circumstances are anything that differentiates the family's finances
from those of other families. Below are examples to include, but not limited to,
reasons to submit a professional judgment request:


REDUCED WORK EARNINGS

 * Loss of employment or layoff
 * Reduction in work hours or partial/temporary loss of employment
 * Reduction in work income due to illness or injury


OTHER LOSS, REDUCTION OR ONE-TIME ADJUSTMENT TO INCOME

 * One-time IRA or Pension Distribution


LOSS OF BENEFITS

 * Reduction or loss of child support or alimony
 * Change in Workman’s Compensation or Long-Term Disability Income


MEDICAL EXPENSES

 * Unusually high medical or dental expenses not covered by insurance


DIVORCE, DEATH OR SEPARATION AFTER FILING THE FAFSA

 * Divorce/Separation of a Dependent Student’s Parent or of an Independent
   Student
 * Death of a dependent student’s parent or of an independent student


DEPENDENCY STATUS

Please note: Use of professional judgment is neither limited to nor required for
the situations mentioned.

Special Circumstances Not Considered for a Professional Judgment

Situations that are not considered special circumstances:

 * Car payments
 * Cost of Attendance adjustments
 * Credit card or other personal debts
 * Elementary or secondary tuition paid by the family
 * Mortgage payments
 * Outstanding debt or bankruptcy
 * Parent’s enrollment in postsecondary education program
 * Standard living expenses (i.e., utilities, credit-card expenses, children’s
   allowances, etc.)
 * Support of extended family or second household
 * Tithing
 * Vacation expenses
 * All other discretionary expenses

Webinars
 * FAFSA - Special Circumstances and Professional Judgment (Recording)
   [https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=3864832&node=13243435&a=1328247674&autoplay=1]

If you would like to request consideration of special circumstances:

 * 2023-2024 Special Circumstances Appeal Form
   [https://proone.proed.org/adobesign/proDocDocumentRequest/?formId=6856]

For more information, talk to a financial aid representative about your
situation. Financial aid representatives can guide you through the next steps
and the required documentation to see if your eligibility can be adjusted. You
can also consider apply for scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx] to
help offset the cost of your tuition. 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Financial Assistance
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2220
(630) 942-2251
Email: financialaid@cod.edu [financialaid@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-2151

Regular Hours

 * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.instagram.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Facebook logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.facebook.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Twitter logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@CODFinancialAid [https://www.twitter.com/CODFinancialAid]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/financial_aid/professional-judgment.pcf]