https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/justice-studies/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Man taking a picture of evidence for class
[/_resources/img/hero/forensic-lab-justice-studies.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Criminal and Justice Studies
Program


CRIMINAL AND JUSTICE STUDIES PROGRAM

Whether your goal is to earn a degree or certificate in criminal justice,
homeland security or forensic criminal investigation, explore current events or
transfer to another institution, COD has a Criminal and Justice Studies program
for you. 

Justice studies courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/crimj/] are
designed to help you develop excellent communication skills, gain an
understanding of human behavior, and prepare you for careers in public service
including law enforcement, law, corrections, forensics, emergency management,
restorative practices, national security professions and more.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Learn career-ready skills in the state-of-the-art Robert J. Miller Homeland
Security Education Center
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.aspx] which houses a mock
courtroom, forensics lab, street scene and more.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

You want to attend a college that stands out from the rest. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/justice-studies/contact.aspx] with
   years of academic and professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.aspx], equipment, and
   resources.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention. 
 * A convenient and affordable 3+1 transfer program
   [/academics/transfer/colleges/lewis/3-plus-1-criminal-justice.aspx] with
   Lewis University which enables students to complete their Associate in Arts
   (AA) degree and then take additional courses taught by Lewis professors at a
   lower tuition rate. 

Watch a video to learn more about the Criminal and Justice Studies program. 
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631863&node=9541347&a=2067719527&autoplay=1]

Degrees


CRIMINAL JUSTICE TRANSFER PATHWAY, ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The Criminal Justice Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext] degree
combines courses in communication, social and behavioral sciences, humanities
and other areas with criminal justice elective courses. This provides students
pursuing a bachelor's degree in criminal justice and law enforcement with a
two-year foundation of coursework.


CRIMINAL JUSTICE, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Criminal Justice Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-aas/]
degree prepares students for careers in state, county and local law enforcement
and entry-level corrections and private security positions.

This requires students to incorporate studies in written and oral communication,
social and behavioral sciences, and specialized courses in constitutional law,
criminal procedure and investigation.


HOMELAND SECURITY, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Homeland Security Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/homeland-security-aas/] degree
is designed to increase knowledge of personnel working in the areas of federal
service, public administration, public safety, public health, law enforcement
and security management. This degree provides an in-depth analysis of man-made
threats including terrorism, global unrest, weapons of mass destruction and
cyber warfare, as well as natural disasters and other catastrophic events.

Students explore best practices behind threat assessment, security planning and
emergency management as they pursue careers in homeland security.

Certificates


HOMELAND SECURITY

The Homeland Security certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/homeland-security-certificate/]
is designed to enhance understanding of modern threats and associated security
concepts for personnel working in areas of public administration, public safety,
law enforcement, government and private sector security management.

Students focus their studies on one or more homeland security emphases including
counterterrorism, intelligence, emergency management, critical infrastructure
protection and private security. 


CRIMINAL JUSTICE

The Criminal Justice certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-certificate/]
provides a comprehensive understanding of criminal justice in America. Students
focus their studies on one or more criminal justice emphases including policing,
law, corrections and investigations. 


FORENSIC CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION 

The Forensic Criminal Investigation certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/forensic-criminal-investigation-certificate/]
is designed to increase knowledge and skills of students and professionals who
either have an interest or are currently employed in the field of criminal
justice or private investigations. Students are introduced to the study and
techniques of forensic science as it relates to crime scene investigations. 


COD STORIES

Ebra Buah [/about/stories/students/images/ebra-buah.jpeg]

"I encourage students to talk to faculty and professors about your career goal,
because none of this would have been possible without support, recommendations
and the connections I have made with people at College of DuPage.” - Ebra Buah

Ebra's COD Story [/about/stories/students/buah.aspx]


COD STORIES

Leah Gormaz [/about/stories/students/images/leah-gormaz.jpg]

"I am grateful for all the help I received from faculty at College of DuPage,
because at COD, I figured it out." - Leah Gormaz

Leah's COD Story  [/about/stories/students/gormaz.aspx]


COD STORIES

Laz Perez [/about/stories/students/images/laz_perez.jpg]

"At COD, I was taught by a cadre of committed professionals who inspired me to
become the guardian for those who could not take care of themselves.” - Laz
Perez

Laz's COD Story [/about/stories/students/perez.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sofia Marcelli [/about/stories/students/images/sofia_marcelli.jpg]

"COD will offer you the opportunity to immerse yourself in the many great
courses and programs, explore yourself through education, and give yourself
space and time to grow and to be supported in the achievement of your goals.” -
Sofia Marcelli

Sofia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/marcelli.aspx]


COD STORIES

Joshua Schweitzer [/about/stories/students/images/joshua_schweitzer.jpg]

"College of DuPage has helped me toward my goals by providing excellent
teachers, engaging courses, and a system of meaningful support." - Joshua
Schweitzer

Joshua's COD Story [/about/stories/students/schweitzer.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in criminal justice is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Criminal Justice, Associate in Applied Science 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-aas/]
 * Homeland Security, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/homeland-security-aas/]
 * Criminal Justice Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Criminal Justice, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-certificate/]
 * Forensic Criminal Justice, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/forensic-criminal-investigation-certificate/]
 * Homeland Security, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/homeland-security-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Criminal and Justice Studies program graduates will: 

 * Articulate the theories, philosophy, policies, practices, processes, and
   reforms of the major institutions of criminal justice.
 * Explain how the major components of the criminal justice system (i.e.,
   police, courts, corrections, and homeland security agencies) are
   inter-dependent, and how the political, legal, ethical, and socioeconomic
   environments in which they operate affect them as well as the implications of
   these relationships for victims, offenders, defendants, justice
   professionals, and society.
 * Analyze the contemporary and major historical issues that the criminal
   justice system encounters, including events, policies, information, programs,
   and concepts that affect the operation of criminal justice agencies and
   actors, as well as issues that affect communities in respect to racial,
   ethnic, cultural, socioeconomic, and gender diversity.
 * Evaluate the nature, extent, causation, and prevention of crime, including
   the ability to apply and critique the major theories relevant to those
   causes.
 * Apply the skills and methods in criminal justice research, including the
   acquisition, analysis, interpretation, dissemination, and policy implications
   of both quantitative and qualitative data, and, where appropriate, various
   skills and methods for conducting basic forensic investigations or crime
   analysis.
 * Apply the theories, philosophy, and principles of substantive, procedural,
   and evidentiary criminal law that regulate and guide the criminal justice
   system and the individuals that work within and/or are affected by system.
 * Communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, and demonstrate basic
   knowledge of information technology as applied to criminal justice research
   and practice.
 * Understand the concepts of: multiculturalism; cultural differences in
   American society; the complexity of the relationship between the process of
   criminal justice and the multicultural society it is intended to serve; and
   the sociocultural challenges that impact criminal justice personnel and the
   criminal justice system
 * Analyze contemporary geo-political issues, the global threat landscape, and
   how those factors influence U.S. homeland security policy and practice.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several justice studies transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/justice-studies.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


UNIQUE LEARNING FACILITIES

Street Scene
[/_resources/img/video/street-scene.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/uAmKRU1yEFk?rel=0

Learn and train in a full-scale street scene, mock courtroom, command center,
forensic lab and rappelling tower in Robert J. Miller Homeland Security
Education Center (HEC).


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Criminal and
Justice Studies program.

How do I know the program is right for me?

Students who major in justice studies find themselves to be motivated to
complete a task and curious to discover how things work. Students in this
program aren't just communicators -- they enjoy working with a team, helping
others and knowing that no two days will be a like.  

Besides justice studies classes, what other courses will I be taking?

Along with justice studies courses you'll need to earn the degree, students in
this field are encouraged to take writing courses. Writing effective reports is
a skill sought after by criminal justice agencies. The quality of a report can
greatly affect the outcome of a case.

What is the Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) and how is it different than
the Criminal and Justice Studies program?

The Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) [/slea/index.aspx] is a basic police
officer training school. SLEA fulfills the 11-week basic police training
required of all new police officers. The academy is only open to newly sworn
police officers. 

The Criminal and Justice Studies program is for students who want to enter the
criminal justice field. 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Criminal and Justice Studies Program
[/academics/programs/justice-studies/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/justice-studies/current-students.aspx]



 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019-clone&action=de&path=/academics/programs/justice-studies/index.pcf]