https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/math/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

math faculty member posing against a white board with written formulas on it
[/_resources/img/hero/math-hero1.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Math Program


MATHEMATICS PROGRAM

Whether you want to study math because you enjoy algebra, calculus or geometry
or whether you want to work in a mathematics-related field like finance,
statistics, physics, engineering or chemistry, College of DuPage offers a
variety of math courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/math/] that can
help you meet your goals. 

Students can earn a general Associate in Arts or Associate in Science degree
through the Mathematics Transfer Pathway.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/mathematics/mathematics-transfer-pathway-aa-as/]Throughout
the path, students will learn how to apply mathematical theory to real world
problems and will learn how to interpret problems in order to draw accurate
conclusions. Math courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/math/] range from
transfer, occupational and general math refresher classes. 

COD also offers a Transitional Math program
[/academics/programs/math/math-transitions/index.aspx], which is a collaboration
between the College and local high schools. The Transitional Math program is
designed to prepare students for college-level math.

Success in mathematics requires hard work and dedication. Mathematics faculty at
College of DuPage are committed to helping you succeed in all of your math
courses. If you have questions about math at College of DuPage or about your
future in math or math-related fields, complete the inquiry form
[/academics/programs/math/contact.aspx] or contact a faculty member.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Students that take math courses or earn a degree in math can apply mathematical
techniques to science, management and educational careers.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

You want to attend a college that gives you a strong foundation for the future.
At COD, you'll discover:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing state-of-the-art equipment and resources.
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Degrees


MATHEMATICS TRANSFER PATHWAY

A transfer pathway represents a typical course schedule or sequence for a
student planning to complete the Associate in Arts or an Associate in Science
degree within two years, then transfer and major in a specific discipline.

Students can earn a general Associate in Arts or Associate in Science degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/mathematics/mathematics-transfer-pathway-aa-as/]
in math at College of DuPage through the Mathematics Transfer Pathway.


COD STORIES

Erica Hotsinpiller [/about/stories/faculty/images/erica_hotsinpiller.jpg]

"I want students to see the value in learning math and how math can be used in
their own lives. It allows students to work on patience, persistence,
organization, communication and self-discipline." - Erica Hotsinpiller

Erica's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/hotsinpiller.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jackie Kraus [/about/stories/faculty/images/jackie_kraus.jpg]

"I like sharing with others how I make sense of mathematics, and I want to show
my students that mathematics isn’t a stuffy, dead subject but one that they can
make sense of and use in their every day lives.” - Jackie Kraus

Jackie's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/kraus.aspx]


COD STORIES

Michael McCabe [/about/stories/faculty/images/michael_mccabe.jpg]

"I spell out different ways to study for my class. I remind them of the
phenomena of ‘it made sense in class but tonight it doesn’t.’ I hope that when a
student leaves my class, they know school is not impossible and effort is
necessary to succeed.” - Michael McCabe

Michael's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/mccabe.aspx]


COD STORIES

Matthew Wechter [/about/stories/faculty/images/matthew_wechter.jpg]

"I am so appreciative of students who might not pass their math class the first
time, but then redouble their efforts and succeed on the second try. It shows
real growth, which may be more important than the mathematical skills
themselves.” - Matthew Wechter

Matthew's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/wechter.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Mathematics program is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Maps


ACADEMIC AND CAREER PATHWAYS

Determine the pathway you need to take to graduate on time.

 * Mathematics Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts and Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/mathematics/mathematics-transfer-pathway-aa-as/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete college level mathematics will:

 * Apply mathematical theory to solve relevant problems
 * Interpret mathematical models to draw informed and accurate conclusions.
 * Estimate and check answers to mathematical problems in order to determine
   reasonableness

Students who complete developmental mathematics will:

 * Solve intermediate algebra equations and inequalities (quantitative
   reasoning)
 * Determine an appropriate mathematical model for an applied word problem
   (critical thinking and quantitative reasoning)
 * Identify, classify, and interpret graphs of functions (information literacy
   and quantitative reasoning)
 * Understand the difference between equations and expressions (quantitative
   reasoning)




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several math transfer opportunities
[/academics/transfer/programs/mathematics.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM



Apply Now
[http://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Math Program [/academics/programs/math/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/math/current-students.aspx]



Math and Geometry Placement TestingLearn More
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/math/index.pcf]