https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student giving an eye exam [/_resources/img/hero/eyecareassist-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Eye Care Assistant Program


EYE CARE ASSISTANT PROGRAM

The Eye Care Assistant program is a clinical ophthalmic assistant program
accredited by the International Council of Accreditation (ICA) for Allied
Ophthalmic Education Programs. The program is the only accredited clinical
ophthalmic assistant program in the state of Illinois.

Eye care assistant courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/eye/] teach
students medical ethics, regulatory and legal issues, eye care safety and 
general and ocular anatomy and physiology. Students receive hands-on experience
through lab work and clinical instruction, making it easier to transition into
the field of eye care.

College of DuPage Health Science programs maintain strong clinical affiliations
[/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/clinical-affiliates.aspx] with
healthcare settings across the Chicago metropolitan area.

Upon graduation, students are prepared for entry level positions as ophthalmic
and optometric assistants under the supervision of licensed eye care
professionals to assist with diagnostic and treatment oriented procedures.
Students can sit for the national certification exam for the Certified
Ophthalmic Assistant (COA), administered by I-JCAHPO.  



First Step to Register - Attend an Advising Session
[https://www.cod.edu/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

After earning the Eye Care Assistant certificate, many students continue their
education and earn an Associate in Applied Science in Ophthalmic Technology.
[/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/index.aspx]

Why CODCertificatesProgram Accreditation
Why COD

As an eye care assistant student at COD, you'll find:

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors with a passion for teaching, with years of professional
   experience as ophthalmic technicians and optometrists.
 * Hybrid program offering live didactic learning, hands on lab and live
   clinical instruction in ophthalmology clinics and hospitals. Online
   components supplement all areas of learning.
 * Program accreditation from the International Council of Accreditation (ICA)
   for Allied Ophthalmic Education Programs.
 * The only eye care certified ophthalmic assistant certificate program in the
   state of Illinois.

Certificates


EYE CARE ASSISTANT

The Eye Care Assistant certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/eye-care-assistant/] program is designed
to prepare students for entry level positions as assistants in optometrist and
ophthalmology practices.

Program Accreditation

The Eye Care Assistant program is a clinical ophthalmic assistant program
accredited by the International Council of Accreditation (ICA) for Allied
Ophthalmic Education Programs.

More information about ICA can be found on: www.icaccreditation.org
[http://www.icaccreditation.org]

Address: 2025 Woodlane Drive St. Paul, MN 55125-2998
Phone: (651) 731-7243
Fax: (651) 731-0410
Email: ica@icaccreditation.org [ica@icaccreditation.org]


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Eye Care Assistant program is to read
the Eye Care Assistant Registration Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/eye_opth.pdf]. The packet contains an
admission checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible for
admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Eye Care Assistant, Certificate 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/eye-care-assistant/eye-care-assistant-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Eye Care Assistant students will develop skills and knowledge necessary to gain
employment as entry-level eye care/ophthalmic assistants and become contributing
members of an eye care team.

Eye Care Assistant Program graduates will:

 * Obtain knowledge of the anatomy and physiology, patient care concepts,
   aseptic technique and environmental control, supplies and equipment and
   procedures in order to enhance his/her ability to provide safe and quality
   care to all ophthalmic patients.
 * Demonstrate high ethical codes of conduct and high professional standards as
   clinicians. 
 * Be prepared academically and clinically to successfully pass the certified
   ophthalmic assistant (COA) exam mandated by I-JCAPHO.
 * Feel encouraged to possess a life-long commitment to personal growth and
   professional development through continued involvement in the profession.
 * Learn how to provide a safe and caring environment, in which working as a
   part of the ophthalmic team can provide a positive outcome for all culturally
   diverse patients.
 * Receive hands-on experiences that require applying learned material/knowledge
   to practice by incorporating technical and critical thinking along with
   clinical reasoning/problem solving.

Scope of Ophthalmic Personnel

The Joint Commission on Allied Health Personnel in Ophthalmology (JCAHPO)
credentials set the profession's standards for ensuring the knowledge and
competence of practicing Allied Ophthalmic Personnel (AOP) and are recognized as
the most respected global credential for AOP.

The Eye Care Assistant program at College of DuPage will focus on JCAHPO
credentials of the Certified Ophthalmic Assistant (COA).

As part of the allied health profession, Allied Ophthalmic Personnel (AOP) are
one of the members of the professional team of eye care providers. Certified AOP
perform assigned procedures under the direction or supervision of a physician
licensed to practice medicine and surgery and qualified in ophthalmology. AOP
are not independent practitioners and may not diagnose, teat eye disorders or
prescribe medications. They can supply vital information to the physician, who
is treating patients, and may assist in areas such as surgery, patient education
and compliance.

Some of the most common tasks performed by AOP at all levels of certification
include:

 * Taking patient histories
 * Maintaining instruments
 * Providing patient services
 * Taking eye measurements
 * Administering tests and evaluations
 * Performing a variety of clinical tasks

JCAHPO certifications and examinations include knowledge and performance of
techniques in the administration of eye drops, ointments, and irrigating
solutions to the eye, and knowledge about oral medications and non-invasive
techniques. It is not within the scope of JCAHPO certification and examination
to evaluate the performance of any injection technique or similar invasive
procedure when needles, trocars, cannulas, or instillation devices are placed
within and beneath tissue surfaces.

While certification is an important indication of your knowledge and skill,
remember that JCAHPO does not guarantee the job performance or express an
opinion of the competence of individuals who have achieved certification.

The Certified Ophthalmic Assistant (COA) is the entry level core designation
designed to start eye care professionals on the path to success. The COA
designation confirms an assistant's knowledge in 19 specific content areas.


COD STORIES

Nathan Verrips [/about/stories/students/images/nathan-verrips.jpg]

“The field of optometry seemed like the perfect decision for me. It is truly
fulfilling to enhance a person’s quality of life.” - Nathan Verrips

Nathan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/verrips.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


EYE CARE ASSISTANT AND OPHTHALMIC TECHNICIAN

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/eye-care-assistant.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/jkXPQ4cxliw?rel=0

Students earning the Eye Care Assistant Certificate program at COD will gain the
skills for entry-level positions as ophthalmic and optometric assistants.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Eye Care Assistant Program
[/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/current-students.aspx]



Eye Care Assistant Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/eye_opth.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/index.pcf]