https://www.cod.edu/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

teacher working with students in the classroom
[/_resources/img/hero/students-professor-classroom-studying-books-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Transfer
Services [https://www.cod.edu/academics/transfer/]Transfer Application Checklist


TRANSFER APPLICATION CHECKLIST

If you plan to transfer from College of DuPage to another college or university,
you will need to start planning early and manage the required paperwork.
Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services is available to answer any questions
you have about transferring to another college or university. Contact
Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services to schedule an appointment at (630)
942-2259 or email transferservices@cod.edu [transferservices@cod.edu?subject=].


REQUIRED TRANSFER DOCUMENTS

 * Official College of DuPage transcripts
 * If applicable, official transcripts from all other colleges and universities
   attended, even if you have all “W” grades
 * Official high school transcripts and ACT/SAT scores (only if required by the
   university or if you have fewer than 30 transferrable credits)
 * Official Advanced Placement scores or International Baccalaureate grades
   (Consult with transfer destination before sending to understand how credit
   will transfer.)
 * Resume or summary list of clubs and organizations, activities and
   achievements
 * Parent Information (demographic, employment, financial)

 * Military service information if you are a veteran (Have your Joint Services
   or Community College of the Air Force transcript accessible.)


STUDENTS OTHER THAN UNITED STATES CITIZENS

All students can transfer their credits regardless of citizenship and residency
status. Here are items to note when applying as an international student, U.S.
citizen, or undocumented/DACA student.

 * If you are an international student or have a visa, you will typically
   complete the international student application. Work closely with the
   transfer destination to ensure you meet their requirements. All other
   students will complete the undergraduate transfer application.
 * If you completed high school and/or some college abroad, you may have
   additional steps to meet and should connect with the transfer destination for
   details.
 * You will need your Social Security number to apply if you are a legal
   permanent resident or U.S. citizen.

Note: DACA or undocumented students are not international students and are
required to complete the domestic undergraduate transfer application. If you do
not have a Social Security number, enter all zeros in its place. Public
institutions may require additional affidavit questions.


FAFSA AND RISE ACT APPLICANTS

All citizens and legal permanent residents must complete the FAFSA application
to be considered for financial aid at their transfer institutions. Without
FAFSA, transfer schools will not provide additional assistance beyond a merit
scholarship. For more information about FAFSA, visit studentaid.gov
[https://www.studentaid.gov].

Note: If you are younger than 24, you will need your parent(s) financial
information to complete your FAFSA.

DACA and undocumented students in Illinois can receive state aid through the
RISE Act. For details and eligibility requirements, visit ISAC.org
[http://ISAC.org].


ADDITIONAL TRANSFER MATERIALS

Transfer requirements vary by institution. Check your transfer destination to
see if you will need additional materials.


LETTERS OF RECOMMENDATION

Universities usually require that letters be written by faculty. Allow teaching
or counseling faculty ample time (at least 3 to 5 weeks) before the application
deadline. Once faculty has agreed to write letters, assist your writer by
providing the following materials:

 * Details about the nature and purpose of the opportunity, including copies of
   the application for the university, program, scholarship or internship
 * A summary of your career and educational goals
 * A description of pertinent personal accomplishments, work or research
   experiences
 * A resume or list of your activities (sports, organizations, leadership and
   volunteer positions)
 * A deadline for submitting the letter of recommendation
 * Instructions regarding how and where to submit the letter (electronically or
   as a hard copy)


PERSONAL STATEMENT OR ESSAY

Be sure you understand the writing prompt when you begin your personal statement
or essay. Remember to write drafts and consult with the College of DuPage
Learning Commons for support.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
Phone: (630) 942-2259
Ask a counselor or program advisor a quick question [Counseling@cod.edu]. 

 * Main Campus Regular Hours:
   * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
   * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 * COD Centers Hours
   [https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/centers/hours.aspx]

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@counselingadvisingcod [https://instagram.com/counselingadvisingcod]

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codtransferservices [https://www.instagram.com/codtransferservices/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcounselingadvising [https://www.facebook.com/CoDCounselingAdvising]





Steps to Transfer from College of DuPageIdentify the Steps to Transfer Based on
Your Credit Hours [/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.pcf]