https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/first-generation/support-parents.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


SUPPORT FOR PARENTS

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]First-Generation Students
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/first-generation/]Support for
Parents
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * First-Generation Events
   [/student_life/resources/first-generation/first-generation-events.aspx]
 * Frequently Asked Questions
   [/student_life/resources/first-generation/faq.aspx]
 * Support for Parents
   [/student_life/resources/first-generation/support-parents.aspx]
 * Support for Students
   [/student_life/resources/first-generation/support-students.aspx]

Mark Curtis-Chavez
[/_resources/img/video/mark-curtis-chavez.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/G-07lhPfBUk?rel=0

College of DuPage Provost Mark Curtis-Chavez, Ph.D. talks about his experience
as a first-generation college student.

Applying for college is a big milestone for both you and your first-generation
student. College of DuPage understands the stress that comes with enrolling,
applying and paying for college. Here are some tips to help you and your child
navigate the process.

 1. Visit COD. The earlier you plan a visit, the more time you'll have to make a
    decision. Experience what college is like by going on a campus tour
    [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]. Ask your tour guide or admissions
    representative about classes and programs, life on campus and services that
    are available to students.
 2. Attend an open house. Open houses or information sessions
    [/admission/visit_cod/first-generation-series.aspx] can help you and
    your child learn what requirements they need to meet in order to be accepted
    to a college or university. You'll also get a brief overview about financial
    aid, scholarships and services for students.
 3. Learn the benefits of a community college. There are many benefits to
    attending a community college before transferring to a four-year university.
    Community colleges offer more affordability, smaller class sizes, faculty
    with real world experience and flexibility in student scheduling.  
 4. Research financial aid. For many families, the cost of college can be a
    burden. Research your financial aid options
    [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx], including scholarships
    [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx] and grants and apply for the Free
    Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
    [https://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa]. Learn more by attending a
    financial aid workshop [/costs/financial_aid/workshops.aspx].
 5. Don't be overwhelmed by the price tag. The benefits of of earning a college
    degree, including higher pay and additional job growth. College will open
    doors for your child and expand their future opportunities. In addition to
    financial assistance, many colleges offer flexible payment plans
    [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx] that can help offset the cost.
 6. Understand your rights. Once a student reaches the age of 18, the rights to
    their education records transfer directly to the student. Unless your
    student gives written permission to share that information through the
    Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
    [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/ferpa.aspx] (FERPA), you
    are unable to access their grade point average, transcript or discipline
    record.
 7. Ask your student about their goals. Discuss with your student their
    interests. Research areas of study [/academics/programs/index.aspx] and
    attend program information sessions [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]to
    learn more.
 8. Pay attention to registration dates and financial aid deadlines. Early
    registration provides better access to class availability and flexible
    payment options.
 9. Provide encouragement. College can be stressful for students. Learn about
    the many resources available to students
    [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]at COD. Support your student's goals.
    Encourage them to seek academic
    [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/index.aspx] and mental health support
    [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/index.aspx] when
    needed.


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE FACILITIES

Our high-tech facilities
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx] go beyond the
traditional college classroom. Students get hands-on experience through
simulation rooms, laboratories and more. Contact an Admissions Representative
[/admission/index.aspx] and apply today.

Culinary and Hospitality Center [/_resources/img/slider/culinary-building.jpg]

The Culinary & Hospitality Center (CHC) houses the Culinary, Hospitality and
Tourism programs.

Street Scene [/_resources/img/video/hec-street-scene.jpg]

Located inside Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center (HEC) is a
full-scale street scene for real-world police and fire training exercises.

Nursing Simulation Lab [/_resources/img/slider/hsc-surgical-tech.jpg]

One of the many highlights of the Health and Science Center (HSC) is the
simulated operating room and Simulation Center.

Mac theater [/_resources/img/video/mac-theater.jpg]

Students can showcase their skills at the one of three McAninch Arts Center
(MAC) theaters.

Automotive lab [/_resources/img/slider/tec-automotive-inside.jpg]

Students can receive hands on learning in the variety of laboratories located in
the state-of-the-art Technical Education Center (TEC).


CONTACT INFORMATION

For more information, fill out the contact form
[/admission/admissions_contact/contact-admissions.aspx].

The Admissions Office is operating during regular business hours:

 * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Phone: (630) 942-2626
Email: admissions@cod.edu [admissions@cod.edu] 
Chat: Chat Online [/chat.aspx]

Walk-in appointments are available Monday through Thursday from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.
on a first-come, first-served basis for a 15-minute meeting. Students who need
more time can schedule a virtual or in-person appointment with their admission
representative [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx].


Follow us:

Instagram logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codadmissions [https://www.instagram.com/codadmissions/]

Facebook logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@CODAdmissions [https://www.facebook.com/CODAdmissions]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/first-generation/support-parents.pcf]