https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/fashion/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Fashion studies student holding dress on a hanger
[/_resources/img/hero/fashion-studies-student-dress.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Fashion Studies


FASHION STUDIES PROGRAM

The Fashion Studies program provides students the opportunity to learn the
fundamentals of creative design, merchandising and entrepreneurship and applying
their knowledge to the retail, wholesale and business side of the fashion
industry.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Use you passion to gain knowledge and learn technical skills for a career in the
fashion industry.  

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Prepare for a career in fashion, transfer to a four-year college or university
or update your skills. College of DuPage offers:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/fashion/contact.aspx]with years of
   practical industry experience and certification.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible course schedules [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/fashi/] with
   day, evening and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies. 
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * An annual fashion show.

Degrees


FASHION DESIGN

The Fashion Design Associate of Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-design-aas/]
program allows students to be exposed to the constant changes in the fashion
field by offering up-to-date classes that reflect the fashion industry in its
current form. Classes will prepare you to design, develop and make clothing by
focusing on the hands-on production and technical skills needed in the industry.
Careers in the industry vary by your skills and preferences.  

Course curriculum will introduce you to the fundamentals of design,
construction, pattern making, draping, product development, computer and hand
illustration and textiles. Students can choose from a variety of elective
classes that focus on their desired educational and career goals. Design
students will continue on to our capstone class where designs are made from
concept to finished runway ready garments.  


FASHION MERCHANDISING

The Fashion Merchandising Associate of Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-merchandising-design-aas/]
program introduces students to the fashion industry and its varied channels of
employment. Classes cover the foundations of wholesale, retail and production
along with branding, forecasting and promotion. 

Course curriculum offers a range of classes that allow students to explore the
careers of fashion merchandising. Classes offered include textiles, fashion
business, production, branding, retail practices, visual and digital marketing.
Students will choose from a wide selection of electives that allow them to focus
on their strong natural skills and the emerging needs and constant changes of
the industry.    

Certificates


FASHION DESIGN

The Fashion Design certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-design-certificate/] is
for students seeking in-depth knowledge of the fashion industry for their own
career goals without the desire to further their education in the field. 

Course curriculum will introduce you to the fundamentals of design,
construction, pattern making, illustration and textiles. Elective choices allow
students to customize their education to support their career goals.    


FASHION ENTREPRENEURSHIP

The Fashion Entrepreneurship certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-entrepreneurship-certificate/]
covers the basics of examining a small business startup. Students will learn the
fundamentals of garment construction and product development. Elective choices
allow students to customize their education to support their career goals.    


FASHION MERCHANDISING

The Fashion Merchandising certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-merchandising-certificate/]is
for students seeking in-depth knowledge of the fashion industry for their own
career goals without the desire to further their education in the field. 

Classes cover the foundations of wholesale, retail, and production along with
branding, forecasting and promotion. Elective choices allow students to
customize their education to support their career goals.  


COD STORIES

Aby Cardenas Arcila [/about/stories/students/images/aby_cardenasarcila.jpg]

"The Fashion Studies program was the first place where I felt that I really
belonged, where I discovered that dreams and concepts can become real, that
struggling and many times getting frustrated are not the stopping point but part
of the process." - Aby Cardenas Arcila

Aby's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cardenas_arcila.aspx]


COD STORIES

Theadora Iacobellis [/about/stories/students/images/theadora_iacobellis.jpg]

"COD gave me the opportunity to grow at my own pace and find out what I really
wanted to do with my life. If you were to tell me a few years ago this is where
I would be, I would have never believed it." - Theadora Iacobellis

Theadora's COD Story [/about/stories/students/iacobellis.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bhavana Jain [/about/stories/students/images/bhavana_jain.jpg]

“I developed wonderful relationships with my professors, and I never hesitated
to ask them for career advice. They are very passionate about teaching
students.” - Bhavana Jain

Bhavana's COD Story  [/about/stories/students/jain.aspx]


COD STORIES

Peach Carr [/about/stories/students/images/peach_carr.jpg]

"College of DuPage is a great jumping off point or a great finishing point.
There’s amazing instruction here, there’s great support, and I can pass on
little tiny pearls of wisdom and guide the students." - Peach Carr

Peach's COD Story [/about/stories/students/carr.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sarah Bhaidani [/about/stories/students/images/sarah_bhaidani.jpg]

"My time at COD helped me grow and mature in ways I didn’t know I could." -
Sarah Bhaidani

Sarah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bhaidani.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Fashion Studies is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Fashion Design, Associate of Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-design-aas/]
 * Fashion Merchandising, Associate of Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-merchandising-design-aas/]
 * Fashion Design Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-design-certificate/]
 * Fashion Entrepreneurship Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-entrepreneurship-certificate/]
 * Fashion Merchandising Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fashion-studies/fashion-merchandising-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes


FASHION DESIGN

Students taking fashion design courses will:

 * Demonstrate neat and understandable sketching techniques to effectively
   communicate creative ideas in a digital or non-digital format.
 * Use their developing artistic voice and learned creative techniques to design
   items by means of the process of research, analysis of trend information and
   understanding of apparel markets.
 * Use learned knowledge of fabrics, drafting, draping, sewing & embellishment
   to make their creative work.
 * Present visually pleasing finished work in sketch or fabric form using
   industry vocabulary to describe their creative process and market
   expectations.
 * Understand the retail and wholesale business of fashion and importance of
   schedules, markets and sales in the retail industry of brick and mortar &
   online.
 * Determine the time frame needed for completion of projects that recognize
   their creative potential to its fullest.


FASHION MERCHANDISING

Students taking fashion merchandising courses will:

 * Understand fashion trend reports, and their effect on current and historical
   markets.
 * Promotion via social media, event planning or fashion shows.
 * Knowledge of the interaction between wholesale and retail markets.
 * Demonstration of visual merchandising techniques.
 * Understand the need for strong computer, math and problem-solving skills as
   needed for buyers and wholesale sales.
 * Identify clothing fabric and construction as a determination for quality
   level.
 * Be able to demonstrate styling and merchandising knowledge.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several fashion studies transfer opportunities
[/academics/transfer/programs/fashion-studies.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


LEARN ABOUT FASHION STUDIES

Fashion Studies allows students to explore their interests, focusing on the
creative side of fashion design, as well as the business side of fashion
merchandising, production and entrepreneurship.




CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.




FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Fashion Studies
program.

How do I know if the Fashion Design program is right for me?

Fashion Design is for you if you have a strong sense of fashion trends and if
you are well organized, but flexible. You should also be creative and
artistic, work well and quickly under pressure and have the ability for verbal
and written communications.

What kinds of skills will I need to be successful in the fashion design field?

In order to be successful in the fashion design field, you will need to have
knowledge of garment construction and strong technical skills. You will also
need basic math ability and sketching skills and knowledge of textiles and
garment fit.

What can I do with a fashion design degree?
Opportunities for advancement increase with work experience. Entry-level design
team positions may lead a novice designer into a position as designer, trend
director, technical design, print and color designer or quality control
management, self-employment and freelance design are other options.
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Fashion Studies Program [/academics/programs/fashion/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/fashion/current-students.aspx]



Fashion Studies Department WebsiteLearn More
[https://cantadan.wixsite.com/fashion-studies]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/fashion/index.pcf]