https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/internship-guide.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Group of people talking to one another
[/_resources/img/hero/internship-ssc-interaction-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Career Services Center
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/]Career Services for
Employers
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/]Internship
Guide for Employers


INTERNSHIP GUIDE FOR EMPLOYERS

Strengthen your workforce in partnership with the Internship Program at College
of DuPage. 


STUDENT INTERNSHIPS

Internships educate COD students and prepare them to enter the workforce. Before
hiring an intern, it is important to understand the definition of an internship.
College of DuPage defines an internship as “a form of experiential learning that
integrates knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical
application and skills development in a professional setting.”

Internships give students the opportunity to gain valuable applied experience
and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career
paths; and give employers the opportunity to guide and evaluate talent. 


INTERNSHIP COMPENSATION

It is important to be aware of the differences in hiring an intern and an
employee. If a student is hired as a paid employee the U.S. Fair Labor Standards
Act (FLSA) requires that he or she is paid at least a minimum wage. If a student
is hired as an intern, the employer is not required to provide compensation,
however, the internship must comply with the U.S. Department of Labor’s (DOL)
Standards for unpaid internships. Specifically, the DOL states that the
following criteria must be met in an unpaid internship in the for-profit sector:

 * The internship, even though it includes actual operation of the facilities of
   the employer, is similar to training which would be given in an educational
   environment.
 * The internship experience is for the benefit of the intern.
 * The intern does not displace regular employees, but works under close
   supervision of existing staff.
 * The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from
   the activities of the intern; and on occasion its operations may actually be
   impeded.
 * The intern is not necessarily entitled to a job at the conclusion of the
   internship.
 * The employer and the intern understand that the intern is not entitled to
   wages for the time spent in the internship.

College of DuPage recommends each employer consult human resources or legal
counsel before posting an unpaid internship.


INTERNSHIP CREDIT

Some students will elect to pursue academic credit while others will not. Please
note only College of DuPage may determine if an internship meets departmental
criteria for awarding credit. Please note that when granted, academic credit is
not a substitute for compensation. Students must pay tuition for all internship
credits they earn.

Recruiting and Hiring

 * All internships should be posted on the College of DuPage electronic job
   board, Chaps Get Hired
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx].
 * Employers may also sign up to recruit for internships through our Campus
   Recruiting system. To schedule a day to visit campus, call (630) 942-2230.
 * Before conducting any recruiting at College of DuPage, it is important to
   review the Recruiting Policies and Procedures
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/employer-recruitment-policies.aspx].


INTERNSHIP CRITERIA

 * The experience must be an extension of the classroom: a learning experience
   that provides for applying the knowledge gained in the classroom. It must not
   be simply to advance the operations of the employer or be the work a regular
   employee would routinely perform.
 * The skills or knowledge learned must be transferable to other employment
   settings.
 * The experience has a defined beginning and end, and a position description
   with desired qualifications.
 * There are clearly defined learning objectives/ goals related to the
   professional goals of the student’s academic coursework.
 * There is guidance and supervision by a qualified and appropriate employee who
   will assign duties to the intern that are career- related, progressive and
   challenging.
 * There is routine feedback by the experienced supervisor.
 * There are resources, equipment and facilities provided by the host employer
   that support learning objectives/goals.
 * The internship should be conducted in an acceptable professional location.


DETERMINING WHETHER A POSITION IS A JOB OR AN INTERNSHIP

Sometimes it can be confusing to distinguish a job from an internship. To assist
with clarity, please refer to the chart below. Use of this chart, in conjunction
with the internship criteria, can help provide clarity when determining the
appropriate classification for your position.

    Job Internship Length of Employment Permanent Temporary (typically the
length of a semester) Salary Paid Paid or unpaid Outcome of Work Performed
Company prosperity/Growth Student learning; some employer benefit Expectation of
Employee Fulfill job responsibilities Learn and develop new skills through
completion of projects Qualifications of Employee at Hire Has desired skills
necessary to perform job Limited skills/knowledge; will substantially grow these
through experience Reason for Hire Fill position Varies: develop talent
pipeline, assists with projects, etc. Does not fill routine employee role
Employer Responsibility Supervise Mentor, guide, educate, supervise Who Benefits
Most Employer Student


CREATING AN INTERNSHIP POSITION DESCRIPTION

Once you’ve confirmed you do want to hire an intern, the next step is to create
a position description. This description should include the following:


POSITION TITLE

Think beyond the word “Intern."


PURPOSE/SCOPE OF POSITION

 * What is the intern being hired to do?
 * What are the goals for the position?


RESPONSIBILITIES/TASKS

 * What will the intern spend his or her time doing?
 * What projects and tasks will the intern perform?
 * What technology will they use?
 * With what other professional staff will they work?


REQUIRED OR DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS

 * What skills must the student have to be considered?
 * What skills or qualifications would you prefer?
 * Make sure to include both technical and “soft” skills.


LEARNED COMPETENCIES

 * Internships must be learning based, thus it is important to outline what the
   student will learn from this experience.
 * Think about what competencies a student will have at the conclusion of this
   internship that gives them an advantage over other students.


SUPERVISOR

 * Please include information about who the supervisor is and his or her
   background.
 * It’s important the intern be supervised by someone considered an expert in
   the field. The intern must not be considered the expert.]


APPLICATION PROCESS

 * Describe how you want the candidates to apply.
 * Articulate what should be included in the application. Employers most
   commonly request a cover letter and resume, however, it is not uncommon to
   ask for supporting materials related to the position such as a portfolio,
   writing sample, letters of recommendation, etc. 


SUCCESSFUL PRACTICES

Making the internship experience positive. 


CONDUCT ORIENTATION/ON-BOARDING

Taking adequate time to provide a thorough orientation and training for the
student intern will benefit the student, and allow the organization to reap
productivity and effectiveness from the intern. Highlighted areas during this
training include:

 * Organization Mission
 * Organizational Structure
 * Organizational Rules, Policies and Expectations
 * Definition of the Intern Responsibilities


GIVE THE INTERN REAL WORK

Students want to work and they want to learn – so give them meaningful projects.


PROVIDE LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES

Interns want to understand the culture of the organization, get to know other
professionals and observe and learn as much as they can.

 * Invite them to observe a meeting
 * Help them set up informational interviews
 * Take them to lunch
 * Allow them to sit in on a brainstorming session The opportunity to learn
   outside the typical daily routine provides some of the most valuable
   knowledge.


DESCRIBE THE "BIG PICTURE"

Interns will do better work if they understand the “big picture.” Even if some
of it seems obvious. Take a few extra minutes to provide background, details,
and vision for the project or task.


ASSIGN A MENTOR

Make sure the intern has someone who can serve as a mentor. Ideally, this isn’t
the same person as the supervisor, however, anyone can be an effective mentor if
they are committed to teaching and guiding the student.


GIVE THE INTERN REAL WORK

Students need feedback to make improvements and learn. Given casually or
formally through assessments and regularly scheduled meetings, this critical
input helps the student prepare for their next professional step.


REPORT A HIRE

You can report a hire on the College Central Network
[https://www.collegecentral.com/dupage/] or by contacting Career Services at
csc@cod.edu [csc@cod.edu?subject=].


CONTACT INFORMATION

Career Services
Student Services Center (SSC) Room 3258
Email: csc@cod.edu [csc@cod.edu]
Phone: (630) 942-2230
Fax: (630) 942-4596

Regular Hours:
Monday to Thursday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.  
Friday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codcareercenter [https://instagram.com/codcareercenter/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcareerservicescenter [https://www.facebook.com/CODCareerServicesCenter/]

Twitter
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@codcareercenter [http://twitter.com/CODCareerCenter]

Linked In
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_linkedin.png]Linkedin:
@codcareercenter [https://www.linkedin.com/company/codcareercenter]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/internship-guide.pcf]