https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/nichols.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: MARISOL NICHOLS

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Marisol Nichols
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Student Stories: Marisol Nichols
[/about/stories/students/images/marisol_nichols.jpg]


Major: Speech/Theater

Having built a successful career as an actress, Marisol Nichols still credits
College of DuPage for creating a solid foundation.

“I received some of the best training of my life on the Forensics Team,” she
said. “It taught me professionalism and how to put in the work. I go into every
audition knowing what to do and I audition off book, without looking at the
script. College of DuPage also taught me how to be a professional audience
member, which means being supportive of whomever is performing, even if it’s a
competitor.”

Nichols currently plays Hermione Lodge on the hit CW television series
“Riverdale,” which is based on the Archie comics. She describes Hermione as
complex, loving and yet complicated.

“I’m always looking for something in a character that I want to play long-term
as well as someone I would want to watch,” she said. “Before auditioning, I
wasn’t sure where I could take Hermione. When I read for the show’s creator,
Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, he told me what the character was all about and I fell
in love with her right there in the room. It was an ideal audition. I’ve
probably been on over 2,000 auditions and for some roles I’ve gone back five,
even six times. They offered me this role right after I read. I figured I was
due for an easy one.” 

Nichols had never pursued acting before College of DuPage. In fact, she had
never taken a theater class when she saw an audition notice for a COD student
production of “A View From the Bridge.” She dreamed of landing a small part and
was surprised when she was cast in a lead role.

Forensics Team at COD [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/index.aspx]



That experience fueled her desire to learn more and she joined COD’s Forensics
Team. Under the guidance of Professors Marco Benassi and Frank Tourangeau,
Nichols found her direction and helped lead the team to two National Speech and
Theater Championships.

Even though she earned a scholarship to Eastern Michigan University, Nichols
decided to follow her passion and moved to Chicago to pursue acting
full-time.   

“I accomplished so much at College of DuPage and knew the only thing I wanted in
my life was to act,” she said. “After I moved to Chicago, I did everything from
pumping gas to waitressing while I hit the pavement. I grew up really fast,
worked really hard and learned how to pick myself up when I didn’t get the
part.”

Nichols then moved to California and was cast in guest spots on top shows like
“ER” and “Beverly Hills 90210” before landing the role of Audrey Griswold in the
hit film “Vegas Vacation.” Her extensive resume includes originating the
following roles on TV: Victoria Santiago on “Resurrection Blvd.,” Detective
Karen Bettancourt on “Blind Justice,” Sonya Quintano on “In Justice,” Nadia
Yassir on “24,” Sarah Monohan on “The Gates,” Heather Cruz on “GCB,” ATF Special
Agent Zoe Keates on “NCIS” and Corinne on “Teen Wolf.” She also played Laura
Porter in the 2008 film “Felon.”

Recent movies include “Spiral,” co-starring Chris Rock and Samuel L. Jackson;
“Winter, Spring, Summer or Fall” with Jenna Ortega, to be released in 2023; and
“Christmas CEO,” “Holly & Ivy” and “We Wish You a Married Christmas” for
Hallmark.

I accomplished so much at College of DuPage and knew the only thing I wanted in
my life was to act.

Marisol Nichols

Her success also provides Nichols with the leverage to pursue several causes,
including increased awareness of human trafficking and ways to stop it. She
believes all states should develop a searchable online database regarding
arrested and convicted sex offenders and their locations. Anyone arrested for
trying to purchase sex, especially from a minor, would have their names in the
database so a spouse or parent could access it.

Speech Communication Program at COD
[/academics/programs/speech-communication/index.aspx]



 “We also need to find a better way of educating young girls and boys that teach
them how to be safe and smart,” she said.

Happily married and with a daughter, Nichols keeps moving forward and meeting
the demands of an acting career through perseverance and dedication.

“I keep auditioning and putting myself out there,” she said. “I learned at
College of DuPage that if you put in the work, you can become the best that you
can be.

“COD is a great place to learn. I worked with amazing people and received a
quality education that was the best education of my life. COD allowed me the
space to explore who I was and what I wanted to do.”

Learn more about the Theater program at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/theater/index.aspx]




COD SUCCESS STORIES

Nicole Hendricks [/about/stories/students/images/nicole_hendricks.jpg]

"It was priceless to be in classes with teenagers and adults returning to school
because the various perspectives offered richness to classroom discussion that I
wouldn’t get in a homogeneous classroom population." - Nicole Hendricks

Nicole's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hendricks.aspx]


COD SUCCESS STORIES

Josh Keske [/about/stories/students/images/josh-keske.jpg]

"COD truly re-instilled the hope in my own dreams. I was starting to grow
further from acting as a major, but the classes I took and the professors I had
made me feel like it was possible." - Josh Keske

Josh's COD Story [/about/stories/students/keske.aspx]


COD SUCCESS STORIES

Rima Househ [/about/stories/students/images/rima_househ.jpg]

"I knew I was at the right place when I visited the MAC and saw the burst of
creativity and the exquisite shows being performed. To see my name on the cast
list after auditioning for my first college production, ‘The Diary of Anne
Frank,’ is a moment I will never forget." - Rima Househ

Rima's COD Story [/about/stories/students/househ.aspx]


COD SUCCESS STORIES

Patrick Ryan [/about/stories/students/images/patrick-ryan.jpg]

"Your time will come when it’s right. Never measure your own success against
that of your peers and friends, as it will polarize you and give you pause. See
what they did to succeed and foster that fire on the trail that you’re blazing!"
- Patrick Ryan

Patrick's COD Story [/about/stories/students/patrick_ryan.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/nichols.pcf]