https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Engage [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engage_web_masthead.jpeg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Office of the
President [https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/]Engage: College of
DuPage, your community college
[https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/]


ENGAGE VOLUME 5, NUMBER 2

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 3
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no3.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 3, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx]

Engage cover: From COD to Around the World
[/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engagev5.2.png]

Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/plvh/]


A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT

College of DuPage is an institution that embraces a global perspective.

We see the world as a giant classroom. Our students have opportunities to learn
around the world, whether through the Study Abroad program, field studies
courses or internship opportunities that led one former student to the South
Pole.

Our welcoming nature also attracts students from a variety of cultures, whether
they already live in-district, found us online or heard about us from family or
friends. They come to COD because of our reputation as a center for excellence,
and they add insights that enrich and enhance the on-campus experience.

Finally, former COD students can be found not just in every state but on nearly
every continent, using the
knowledge and skills they learned here to build a career or pursue a passion.

As we continue to move past the pandemic, this is an ideal time to reconnect
with the world around us. I invite you to see how College of DuPage can broaden
your worldview in this issue of Engage.


BUDGET-IN-BRIEF

The annual budget process at College of DuPage includes meetings with every
department on campus to identify and prioritize needs. It is a comprehensive
undertaking that allows us to determine how to allocate the funding we receive
from local taxes, tuition and the state in order to benefit our students and the
community.

I invite you to review the Budget- in-Brief
[/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/budget.aspx]. While the
College’s budget is hundreds of pages in length, the Budget- in-Brief presents
an easy-to-understand snapshot of our financial plan. You can find this document
and other financial reports at cod.edu/financials
[/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/financial.aspx].


ENGAGE MAGAZINE VOLUME 5, NUMBER 2



Read Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/plvh/]




ON THE COVER VIDEO FEATURING STEPHANIE TORRES




VIDEOS

Maria Ritzema

The World Is Our Classroom



STORIES: JULIANNE FERNANDEZ

Julianne Fernandez [/about/stories/students/images/julianne_fernandez.jpg]

"When I was at COD, I never thought I’d reach this point. But everything I’m
doing now I first learned about at College of DuPage.” - Julianne Fernandez

Julianne's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fernandez.aspx]


MARK GUIDO

Mark Guido [/about/stories/students/images/mark_guido.jpg]

"At COD, I learned that everything you design should have a story behind it. The
vibrant colors of the logo I designed represent diversity, which embodies what
Peaks for Purpose is all about.” - Mark Guido

Mark's COD Story [/about/stories/students/guido.aspx]


LUIS MEDINA

Luis Medina [/about/stories/students/images/luis-medina.jpg]

“I have learned so much from both my academic program and my campus involvement.
I have learned the values of growth and leadership, as well as the value of
guiding others through their own potential.” - Luis Medina

Luis' COD Story [/about/stories/students/luis_medina.aspx]


MIGLENA NIKOLOVA

Miglena Nikolova [/about/stories/faculty/images/miglena_nikolova.jpg]

"I structure the learning process around students’ individual learning styles
and personalize the instructional content for each individual student.
Additionally, I rely on instructional techniques such as group/partner work that
emphasize collaborative and cooperative learning." - Miglena Nikolova

Miglena's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/nikolova.aspx]


EDITH JACO

Edith Jaco [/about/stories/faculty/images/edith_jaco.jpg]

"I enjoy teaching because it is a way I can share my experiences living abroad
with my students," she said. "Teaching allows me to help my students discover
themselves and understand others. It gives me immense satisfaction to see my
students flourish as they learn and enjoy their achievements in the new
language." - Edith Jaco

Edith's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/jaco.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


RELATED TO THIS ISSUE OF ENGAGE

Areas of Study

Learn more about the following academic programs at College of DuPage that are
highlighted in this issue of Engage.

 * Earth Sciences [/academics/programs/earth_science/index.aspx]
 * Graphic Design [/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.aspx]
 * Languages [/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
 * Nursing [/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx]

Related Areas of Interest

College of DuPage offers opportunities beyond the classroom that enhance
academics and foster both professional and personal growth.

 * English Language Acquisition
   [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/ela.aspx]
 * Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Learning
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/index.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.pcf]