https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/human-services/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students in a classroom
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-students-male-female-classroom.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Human Services Program


HUMAN SERVICES PROGRAM

The Human Services program is dedicated to providing quality instruction and
in-depth clinical training for students interested in serving and assisting
people in the areas of addictions, applied gerontology, corrections,
developmental disabilities, domestic/family violence and residential child
care. 

Human Services programs expose students to comprehensive theoretical instruction
as well as expert clinical training and practical experience. In addition to
certificate or degree options, many working professionals choose to complete
Human Services coursework at COD for Continuing Education Units (CEUs).



ICB [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/human-services/images/icb-logo.jpg]



CSHSE Icon
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/human-services/images/cshse-logo.jpg]





All Human Services programs are accredited by the Illinois Certification Board
[http://www.iaodapca.org/] and the Council for Standards in Human Service
Education [https://www.nationalhumanservices.org/cshse].

Watch a video to learn more about Human Services.
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631835&node=9541290&a=1437121358&autoplay=1]


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Students who graduate from Human Services are prepared to enter the workforce in
entry-level positions or transfer their credits to a four-year college or
university for advanced education and training. 

Why CODDegreesCertificatesMaster's TrackCADC Exam
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Dedicated Human Services faculty
   [/academics/programs/human-services/contact.aspx] comprised of psychologists,
   social workers, licensed counselors and marriage/family therapists who can
   share their specific training and experiences with students.
 * Interactive courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/human/] with
   instruction in top-notch facilities and on-cutting edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day and evening classes, online learning and hybrid
   classes. 
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies. 
 * An innovative transfer program with National Louis University that offers a
   seamless transfer of credits for students who want to earn their bachelor's
   degree.
 * Program accreditation from the Illinois Certification Board
   [http://www.iaodapca.org/] and the Council for Standards in Human Service
   Education [https://www.nationalhumanservices.org/cshse]. 


ACCREDITATION INFORMATION

 * Human Services Enrollment Data, Student Retention, and Student Pass Rate
   [/academics/programs/human-services/pdf/cadc_exam.pdf]

Degrees


ADDICTIONS COUNSELING

College of DuPage is one of a handful of colleges in the state to offer an
approved Addiction Counseling degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/addictions-counseling-aas/]
and certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/addictions-counseling-certificate/]
for addictions counseling. In addition to addiction-related issues, students in
the addictions counseling program study contemporary treatment approaches,
behavior modification, cross-cultural communications, ethics in counseling,
family education and treatment models, group dynamics, interpersonal dynamics
and psychopharmacology. 

Following the completion of classroom work, students participate in one to two
300-hour field placement(s) at inpatient, outpatient and partial hospital
substance abuse treatment centers; DUI remediation programs; and other
appropriate affiliated sites.

Upon completion of the basic program, students are eligible to sit for the
certification exam offered by the Illinois Alcohol and Other Drug Abuse
Professionals Certification Association Incorporated (IAODAPCA). After passing
the test, students are classified by IAODAPCA as "certificate eligible" and will
receive full certification (CADC) with an additional 2,000 to 4,000 paid work
hours (depending on their academic degree).


HUMAN SERVICES GENERALIST

The Human Services Generalist degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/human-services-generalist-aas/]focuses
on general training and learning experiences that provide students with
essential knowledge, skills and attitudes needed to help people. The program
takes a broad approach for students who intend to continue their education and
training at the baccalaureate, master's or doctorate degree level.

Students in the generalist program study contemporary treatment approaches,
behavior modification, cross-cultural communications, ethics in counseling,
family education and treatment models, crisis intervention, advocacy,
interpersonal dynamics, addictions counseling and psychiatric rehabilitation. 

Certificates


ADDICTIONS COUNSELING

The Addictions Counseling certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/addictions-counseling-certificate/]provides
accredited training to work with clients and their families on addictions and
related problems. This program is approved by the Illinois Certification Board.
A minimum of an Associate in Arts or Associate in Science degree is required for
Certified Alcohol and Other Drug Abuse Counselor (CADC) certification. 


APPLIED GERONTOLOGY

Students in Applied Gerontology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/applied-gerontology-certificate/]
learn to meet the emotional, social and biological needs of older adults in
traditional settings as well as adult day care centers, park districts and
assisted living facilities. Coursework is geared toward understanding the
developmental, cognitive, social and financial needs of this population.

Students study older adult care management, contemporary treatment approaches,
behavior modification, cross-cultural communications, ethics in counseling,
family education and treatment models, grief counseling, interpersonal dynamics,
advocacy and developmental psychology. 


CO-OCCURING DISORDERS

Students who complete the Co-occuring Disorders certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/co-occurring-disorders-certificate/]
gain a solid foundational knowledge of people who experience both mental illness
and substance use disorder. The skills and attitudes emphasized in this program
of study will help prepare students to work with this population.


CORRECTIONS COUNSELING

The Corrections Counseling certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/corrections-counseling-certificate/]
offers a broad range of opportunities in institutional and community settings.
Students study contemporary treatment approaches, behavior modification,
cross-cultural communications, addictions, ethics in counseling, family
education and treatment, as well as the criminal and juvenile justice systems.

Following the completion of classroom work, students must finish 300 hours of
fieldwork to earn a Corrections Counseling degree or certificate.


DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES

The Developmental Disabilities certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/developmental-disabilities-certificate/] prepares
students to work with a wide range of special populations, including
developmentally challenged individuals and people with physical and/or cognitive
challenges.

Students in program are trained to work with either child or adult populations.
The program provides an introduction to developmental disabilities as well as an
overview of contemporary treatment approaches, behavior modification,
cross-cultural communications, addictions, ethics in counseling, family
education and treatment models, crisis intervention, advocacy, interpersonal
dynamics, group dynamics and developmental psychology.

Following the completion of classroom work, students must finish 300 hours of
fieldwork to earn a Developmental Disability degree or certificate.


DOMESTIC/FAMILY VIOLENCE

The Domestic/Family Violence certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/human-services-domestic-family-violence-certificate/]prepares
students for entry-level human services work in a domestic violence agency.

In addition to 40 hours of domestic violence training provided in Human Services
1180, the program covers interpersonal and group dynamics, contemporary
treatment approaches, behavior modification, cross-cultural communication,
addictions, ethics in counseling, family education and treatment methods,
advocacy, child abuse dynamics, crisis intervention and developmental
psychology.

Following the completion of classroom work, students must finish 300 hours of
fieldwork to earn a Domestic/Family Violence degree or certificate.


HUMAN SERVICES GENERALIST

The Human Services Generalist certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/human-services-generalist-certificate/]prepares
students for entry-level human services work with a broad range of populations.


PSYCHIATRIC REHABILITATION

The Psychiatric Rehabilitation certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/psychiatric-rehabilitation-certificate/]
trains students in the field of psychosocial rehabilitation.


RECOVERY SUPPORT SPECIALIST

The Recovery Support Specialist certificate
[/academics/programs/human-services/recovery-support-specialist.aspx]trains
students to become Certified Recovery Support Specialists (CRSS) or Certified
Peer Recovery Specialists (CPRS) in Illinois.

The training meets certification standards for education and practical
experience hours and it prepares students to enter the professional field of
recovery support.


RESIDENTIAL CHILDCARE

The Residential Child Care certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/residential-child-care-certificate/]prepares
students for entry-level positions as counselors and case managers for children
with emotional problems. 

Students in the Residential Child Care program study interpersonal and group
dynamics, residential child care, contemporary treatment approaches, behavior
modification, cross-cultural communication, addictions, ethics in counseling,
family education and treatment models, advocacy and the dynamics of child abuse.

Following the completion of classroom work, students must finish 300 hours of
fieldwork to earn a Residential Child Care degree or certificate.


VETERANS COUNSELING

The Veteran Counseling certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/veteran-counseling-certificate/]
is a 26-credit-hour program that provides specialized training for individuals
working with veterans. The program includes a required 300-hour clinical
fieldwork experience, qualifying students for an entry-level position upon
completion.

The certificate is aimed at both undergraduate students who are interested in
working with veterans in a variety of social service settings and practicing
clinicians already working in the field.

Master's Track


ADDICTIONS COUNSELOR CERTIFICATION

College of DuPage offers an Addictions Counselor Master's Track Certification
program for students who have earned or are in their second year of earning, a
Human Services-related master's degree. The Master's Track Addictions Counselor
Certification program is entirely online.

To be accepted into the master's track, a student must provide a transcript from
an accredited clinical graduate program and meet with a full-time faculty member
in Human Services to verify course equivalencies.

Upon completion of the training program and successfully passing the
certification exam for addictions counselors, the student can be recognized as a
Certified Alcohol Drug Counselor [http://www.iaodapca.org/] (CADC) in Illinois. 

For program information, contact Jason Florin at (630) 942-2043 or
florin@cod.edu [florin@cod.edu].

CADC Exam

The Certified Alcohol Drug Counselor [http://www.iaodapca.org/] (CADC) exam can
be taken on a computer at a COD designated site. The exam consists of 100
multiple choice questions. Students will be given two hours to complete. A
passing score of 78 is required. 

CADC exam questions cover basic knowledge areas relevant to addictions counselor
functions including:

 * Clinical Evaluation: 16 questions
 * Treatment Planning: 11 questions
 * Counseling: 15 questions
 * Case Management and Referral: 22 questions
 * Documentation: 14 questions
 * Client, Family, and Community Education: 8 questions
 * Professional and Ethical Responsibilities: 14 questions

There is a $75 application fee; $175 test fee and $135 certification fee. Learn
more about preparing for the exam.
[https://cod.edu/academics/programs/human-services/pdf/cadc-exam-prep.pdf]



CADC Exam
[https://cod.edu/academics/programs/human-services/pdf/cdac-exam-application.pdf]



CADC certification is good for two years. In that time, you must earn 40 hours
of CEUs to maintain the credential. The Illinois Certification Board
[http://www.iaodapca.org/credentialing/counselor-2/] (IAODAPCA) offers
additional certifications including CRADC, CSADC, CAADC, PCGC, MISA I and II.

Illinois Certification Board
401 E. Sangamon Ave.
Springfield, IL 62702
Phone: (800) 272-2632


COD STORIES

Kathleen Hankes [/about/stories/students/images/kathleen-hankes.jpg]

"I had restrictions in my own mind on what I could and could not do. The skills
I was learning in Human Services helped elevate my self-confidence and made me
realize I could do this." - Kathleen Hankes

Kathleen's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hankes.aspx]


COD STORIES

Annie Todor [/about/stories/students/images/annie_todor.jpg]

"If anyone thinks they can’t succeed at college later in life, just look at me.
You take it one class at a time and before you know it, you look back at what
you have accomplished. No one can take that away from you." - Annie Todor

Annie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/todor.aspx]


COD STORIES

Madison Willis [/about/stories/students/images/madison_willis.jpg]

"COD helped me challenge myself to take honors courses. Getting involved in and
being president of Alpha Mu Gamma helped me become a strong, confident and
passionate leader.” - Madison Willis

Madison's COD Story [/about/stories/students/willis.aspx]


COD STORIES

Naomi Cain [/about/stories/students/images/naomi_cain.jpg]

"I feel like COD sets such a high standard for education that the first school I
attended could not even compete with. The professors I had in my time at COD
have been amazing." - Naomi Cain

Naomi's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cain.aspx]


COD STORIES

Mike Likens [/about/stories/students/images/mike_likens.jpg]

"I have grown so much in my years in this program and I am so happy that I came
to College of DuPage. The have prepared me for the future in this field and I am
so grateful that I had the opportunity of coming to school here.” - Mike Likens

Mike's COD Story [/about/stories/students/likens.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in human services is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Addictions Counseling, A.A.S.
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/addictions-counseling-aas/]
 * Addictions Counseling, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/addictions-counseling-certificate/]
 * Applied Gerontology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/applied-gerontology-certificate/]
 * Co-Occurring Disorders, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/co-occurring-disorders-certificate/]
 * Corrections Counseling, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/corrections-counseling-certificate/]
 * Developmental Disabilities, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/developmental-disabilities-certificate/]
 * Human Services Domestic/Family Violence, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/human-services-domestic-family-violence-certificate/]
 * Human Services Generalist, A.A.S.
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/human-services-generalist-aas/]
 * Human Services Generalist, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/human-services-generalist-certificate/]
 * Psychiatric Rehabilitation, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/psychiatric-rehabilitation-certificate/]
 * Residential Child Care, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/residential-child-care-certificate/]
 * Veteran Counseling, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/human-services/veteran-counseling-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Human Services Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate skill in therapeutic interpersonal interactions.
 * Identify assessment tools used with human service populations.
 * Demonstrate a commitment to personal growth and self-awareness.
 * Recognize the unique needs of various populations.
 * Describe and demonstrate a variety of research-based treatment approaches.
 * Identify resources available to various populations.
 * Synthesize information from multiple sources.
 * Evaluate ethical standards in human services.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several human services transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/human-services.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.





FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the human services
program.

Is the Human Services program at College of DuPage accredited?
Yes, all Human Services programs at COD are accredited by the Illinois
Certification Board [http://www.iaodapca.org/] and the Council for Standards in
Human Service Education [https://www.nationalhumanservices.org/cshse]. 
Do I need to apply to the program in order to take Human Services classes?
There is not a separate program application for Human Services. In order to take
classes, you must first apply for admission [/admission/index.aspx]. 
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Human Services Program
[/academics/programs/human-services/contact.aspx]





Current Students [/academics/programs/human-services/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/human-services/index.pcf]