https://www.cod.edu/news/
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE NEWSROOM

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]College of DuPage Newsroom
 * All News [/news/all-news.aspx]
 * Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * Photos [https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/]
 * COD Experts [/news/experts/index.aspx]
 * For the Media [/news/media.aspx]
 * Contact Us [/news/contact.aspx]


WELCOME

The COD News Bureau is the College's primary source of news and information.
Whether it happens in the classroom, in a laboratory or out in the field, the
News Bureau brings you timely stories about every aspect of learning and
discovery at COD.


NEWS HEADLINES



All News [/news/all-news.aspx]


FEATURED NEWS

students at open house
[https://www.cod.edu/news/images/2023/fall-open-house-article.jpg]

Learn about all your local community college can offer at Fall Open House Nov.
11. The event will offer prospective students and their families an opportunity
to discover why COD is the ideal place to start your college journey and get a
head start on the enrollment process.

Read Full Story [/news/2023/october/fall-open-house.aspx]


FEATURED NEWS

students place pipes outside COD's TEC building on a concrete slab
[https://www.cod.edu/news/images/2023/porter-hvac-article.jpg]

Students from the Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration
program recently partnered with Porter Pipe and Co. to create a heated snow and
ice melt (SIM) concrete slab at the Technical Education Center.

Read Full Story
[https://www.cod.edu/news/2023/august/porter-hvacr-partnership.aspx]


FEATURED NEWS

athletics-staff-learfield-trophy
[https://www.cod.edu/news/images/2023/learfield-group-carousel.jpg]

For the first time in school history, COD earned the prestigious LEARFIELD
Directors’ Cup as the top community college athletics program in the nation for
2022-23.

Read Full Story [/news/2023/august/learfield-award.aspx]


FEATURED NEWS

Student and instructor using xray equipment
[https://www.cod.edu/news/images/2023/x-ray-phantom-carousel.jpg]

New cutting-edge equipment, including X-ray mannequins, helps COD Radiography
students learn to capture images more efficiently and accurately.

Read Full Story. [/news/2023/august/xray-phantom.aspx]


FEATURED NEWS

Keith Tyrka [https://www.cod.edu/news/images/2023/keith-tyrka-carousel.jpg]

Keith Tyrka brings an extensive background in computer networking and data
analysis to his new role as Vice President for Planning, Performance and
Technology.

Read Full Story [/news/2023/july/keith-tyrka-vp.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nelson Cantada
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/newsroom/nelson-candata-expert.jpg]/news/experts/genc.aspx


COD EXPERTS

The 1980’s in the U.S. was a time of excess and social disruption. Fashion
designers and other creatives of the period gave alternate views of gender and
sexuality that continue to influence how we view ourselves and the communities
we live in. Assistant Professor of Fashion Studies Nelson Cantada unpacks this
decade of breakthrough fashion. Contact Cantada [/news/experts/cantada.aspx]. 

View More Experts [/news/experts/index.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



SUCCESS STORIES

Rodney Fair [https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/images/rodney-fair.jpg]

"The faculty frequently expressed a sincere desire to see me succeed in my
studies. They also made me realize that I love learning." - Rodney Fair, English

Rodney's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fair.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Princess Siafa
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/images/princess-siafa.jpg]

"It may sound like a pipe dream, but I want to eventually start a College like
COD in Liberia. Being a student and now staff at COD has opened my mind to just
how much is missing in my country’s educational sector." - Princess Siafa, Mass
Communication

Siafa's COD Story [https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/siafa.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Greg Romero
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/images/gregory_romero.jpg]

“COD set the foundation for everything I needed to progress in my career and in
my education. It has helped me to be where I’m at in life today.” - Greg Romero,
Automotive Service Technology

Greg's COD Story [/about/stories/students/romero.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Amy stands outside holding a white dress
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/images/aby_cardenasarcila.jpg]

"By the end of my degree, I had made an entire fashion collection and learned
many valuable lessons about finding myself in a different country." - Aby
Cardenas, Fashion Studies

Aby's COD Story
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/cardenas_arcila.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Devin Oommen [https://cod.edu/about/stories/students/images/devin_oommen.jpg]

“I am forever grateful to the Political Science program and professors. They
teach the subject with passion and connect lessons to events that are happening
in real time." - Devin Oommen, Political Science

Devin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/oommen.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

artificial intelligence
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/newsroom/thought-leaders-ai.jpg]


THOUGHT LEADERS

Listen to COD faculty members across academic disciplines discuss the different
ways students and teachers can benefit from Artificial Intelligence, and also
some of the ethical considerations surrounding chatbots and other AI.  

Listen now.
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=7737889&node=32883158&a=143537689&autoplay=1]



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


NEWS VIDEOS

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video-architecture-students-building-shed
[https://www.cod.edu/news/images/2023/architecture-students-shed.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/7owvH83LQKM?rel=0

See how Architecture program students put their design and building skills to
the test to create a new storage shed for COD's Fuel Garden.

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/siu-signing.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/0Ib6OlguCO0?rel=0

Learn how COD and SIU's new partnership expands Career and Technical Education
four-year degree opportunities on the Glen Ellyn campus.

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video -gadget girl at a youth academy class
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/never-too-young-for-college-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/lxGPBVZliDE?rel=0

Students in kindergarten through eighth grade can participate in programming in
the arts, STEM fields and academic enrichment at COD.

COD on YouTube [https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage/playlists]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


COD LATEST

Elizabeth Smart
[https://www.cod.edu/news/cod-presents/images/elizabeth-smart-again.jpg]


"COD PRESENTS"

National recognized speaker and child-abduction survivor Elizabeth Smart shares
her story Oct. 19 at the MAC.

[https://www.atthemac.org/events/elizabeth-smart/]
Molly Brown works in the HVACR lab
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/newsroom/engage-spring-pub.jpg]


ENGAGE MAGAZINE

In the latest issue, discover alumni who shaped their futures through workforce
development programs.

[/about/office_of_the_president/engage/index.aspx]
students installing insulated piping
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/newsroom/porter-pipe.jpg]


COD NOW

From happenings around campus to COD in the community, stay connected to all
things COD.

[/gateways/cod-now/]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


SOCIAL MEDIA

 * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
 * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
 * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
 * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
 * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
 * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
 * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/news/index.pcf]