https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

woman working in the culinary kitchen
[/_resources/img/hero/culinarytraditional-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Hospitality Management and
Tourism Programs


HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT AND TOURISM PROGRAMS

The Hospitality Management and Tourism programs teach students the latest skills
in an expanding industry that provides food, accommodations and tourism
services. Learn from expert COD faculty who bring industry expertise and real
world experience to the classroom, helping students gain the knowledge and
skills essential to obtaining leadership roles in the hospitality and tourism
professions.

Hospitality management and tourism courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hosp/] include principles of the travel and
tourism industry, front office operations and more. Students also have the
opportunity to gain real-world experience by working at the Inn at Water's Edge
[/inn/], the boutique hotel located on the COD campus.

Start your career in the hospitality industry and work in restaurants, hotels,
resorts, bed and breakfasts, time shares, condos, retirement communities,
convention and visitor bureaus, destination marketing organizations, and event
planning companies. If you are friendly and energetic, creative, self-motivated,
a problem solver and a hands-on participant, then you may be right for a career
within hospitality and tourism management.

Both degrees and certificates are available in hospitality management,
restaurant management, meeting and event planning and travel and tourism.


SELECT A HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT AND TOURISM PROGRAM

Students checking in guests at hotel front desk
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/inn-waters-edge-hospitality.jpg]


HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT

Learn leadership skills and best practices for hospitality management.

Learn More
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/hospitality-management.aspx]
Two women looking at a binder planning an event near a table
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/stock-meeting-events-planning.jpg]


MEETING AND EVENTS PLANNING

Discover how to plan an event from its early stages through cleanup.

Learn More
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/meeting-event-planning.aspx]
Two people talking inside Waterleaf
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/waterleaf-restaurant-management.jpg]


RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT

Gain necessary skills for a management career in the food and beverage industry.

Learn More
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/restaurant-management.aspx]
Female travel agent holding up tickets
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/stock-woman-travel-agent.jpg]


TRAVEL AND TOURISM

Enter the travel industry field or add to your knowledge and update your skills.

Learn More
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/travel-tourism.aspx]


HOSPITALITY STUDENT EARNS OUTSTANDING GRADUATE RECOGNITION, FINDS FAMILY AT COD

Bonnie Bailey
[/about/stories/students/images/bonnie-bailey.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/W7ELnTeS118?rel=0

Learn how COD helped Hospitality Management student Bonnie Bailey overcome
life's obstacles and continue her education.


COD STORIES

Christina Valentine [/about/stories/students/images/christina-valentine.jpg]

“The hospitality faculty at COD is knowledgeable and experienced and are great
resources. Use them for career advice and guidance! Mary Beth Leone was truly an
amazing mentor to me and inspired me to continue growing my career.” - Christina
Valentine

Christina's COD Story [/about/stories/students/valentine.aspx]


COD STORIES

Stephanie Lemm [/about/stories/students/images/stephanie_lemm.jpg]

“College of DuPage was the best choice for where I was and where I wanted to be.
I would recommend that prospective students immerse themselves in the extensive
offerings of this community college, both inside and outside of the classroom
setting.” - Stephanie Lemm

Stephanie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/lemm.aspx]


COD STORIES

Robert Lezcano [/about/stories/students/images/robert_lezcano.jpg]

“I am amazed at how well-prepared I am to fulfill my duties as a result of the
education I received. My time at COD has been priceless, and I expect to build
on my momentum as I continue to grow in this industry.” - Robert Lezcano

Robert's COD Story [/about/stories/students/lezcano.aspx]


COD STORIES

Justin Syputa [/about/stories/students/images/justin_syputa.jpg]

“The staff at COD was really helpful and hands-on with the students, Mary Beth
Leone was terrific because she has great industry experience and was able to
give you real-life situations." - Justin Syputa

Justin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/syputa.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact a Hospitality Management and Tourism Program
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/index.pcf]