https://www.cod.edu/academics/online/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student working at computer
[/_resources/img/hero/inside-student-computer-home.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Online
Degrees


ONLINE DEGREES AND CERTIFICATES

Online degrees at College of DuPage give you the flexibility of completing your
educational goals while still making time to keep up with your work schedule and
other at-home obligations. Earn an Associate in Applied Science, Associate in
Arts or certificate online when it is most convenient for you. 


BENEFITS OF EARNING YOUR ONLINE DEGREE

Online degrees and certificates offer you increased flexibility and convenience
compared to traditional in-person courses including the: 

 * Ability to apply online
   [https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]
   for admission.
 * Affordable cost of tuition [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]. COD has one of the
   lowest tuition rates in the state of Illinois and is one of the most
   affordable community colleges in the United States. Both the technology fee
   and out-of-district fee often added to earning an online degree are currently
   being waived, making the cost of earning an online degree the same as a
   traditional in-person degree. 
 * Seamless transfer of credits. If you are returning to college, you can
   transfer credits [/records/transcript-evaluation.aspx] you have previously
   earned at another higher education institution or you can take a credit by
   proficiency examination
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/credit-proficiency-exams.aspx]. A
   credit by proficiency examination gives students the opportunity to gain
   credit for knowledge acquired through an occupation or life experience
   related to specific COD courses.
 * Access to placement tests. Eligible students can take proctored placement
   tests remotely for certain courses through the Virtual Testing Center
   [/academics/testing/virtual-testing-center.aspx]. 
 * Online tutoring support services. The Learning Commons
   [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx] offers a variety of course-based
   tutoring, math, writing, reading, and speech assistance through one-on-one or
   small-group video appointments and drop-in sessions.
 * Opportunity to maintain work-life balance, all while keeping money in your
   pocket. With online degrees, you'll save on gas, wear and tear on your
   vehicle and you'll spend less time traveling to and from campus so you can
   have more time to focus on your studies.


ONLINE DEGREE AND CERTIFICATE PROGRAMS

In addition to an in-person format, the following degrees and certificates are
currently available online:


ACCOUNTING, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Accounting Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accountancy-aas/] degree is
designed to provide the theoretical and practical background necessary for
supervisory and administrative careers in accounting and accounting-related
areas.

Online Classes
 * ACCOU 2140
 * ACCOU 2150
 * ACCOU 2205
 * ACCOU 2241
 * ACCOU 2242
 * ACCOU 2251
 * BIOLO 1100
 * BUSIN 1100
 * CIS 1110
 * CIS 1150
 * EARTH 1140
 * ECONO 2201
 * ECONO 2202
 * ENGLI 1101
 * MATH 1218
 * OFTI 1200
   PHILO 1114

Learn more about the Accounting, Associate in Applied Science degree.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accountancy-aas/]


ACCOUNTING SPECIALIST

The Accounting Specialist Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accounting-specialist-certificate/]
prepares students for entry-level positions in areas such as accounts payable,
accounts receivable, and payroll.  Also develops computerized general ledger
software skills to complement this role. 




ADVANCED ACCOUNTING CERTIFICATE

The Advanced Accounting Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/advanced-accounting-certificate/]
provides an in-depth study of accounting for students needing to meet the
educational requirements to qualify for the Certified Public Accountant
Examination. It is also for business professionals seeking an in-depth analysis
of accounting for career advancement. 




APPLICATION AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Application and Technical Support Specialist
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/application-technical-support-specialist-aas/]
degree prepares students to provide help, support and technical advice to
computer users.

Online Classes
 * BUSIN 1111
 * CIS 1150
 * CIS 1160
 * CIS 1180
 * CIS 1205
 * CIS 1310
 * CIS 1400
 * CIS 1610
 * CIS 2770
 * CIS/CIT 1450
 * CIT 1100
 * CIT 1116
 * ENGLI 1105

Learn more about the Application and Technical Support Specialist degree.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/application-technical-support-specialist-aas/]


ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-arts-degree/#text] degree
represents the first two years of study for students who plan to transfer and
pursue a Bachelor of Arts degree.

Online Classes
 * ACCOU 2140
 * ANTHR 1000
 * ART 1100
 * BIOLO 1100
 * BIOLO 1151
 * BUSIN 1100
 * CHEMI 1105
 * CRIMJ 1100
 * EARTH 1140
 * EDUCA 1100
 * ENGLI 1101
 * ENGLI 1102
 * ENGLI 1130
 * ENGLI 1150
 * HISTO 1110
 * HUMNT 1101
 * MATH 1218
 * MATH 1533
 * MATH 1635
 * MATH 2231
 * MUSIC 1100
 * PHILO 1100
 * PHILO 1110
 * PHYSI 1100
 * POLS 1100
 * PSYCH 1100
 * RELIG 1100
 * SOCIO 1100
 * SPEEC 1100
 * THEAT 1100

Learn more about the Associate in Arts Degree pathway.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-arts-degree/#text]


BOOKKEEPING CERTIFICATE

The Bookkeeping Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/bookkeeping-certificate/]
prepares students to work with and manage an organization's financial accounts,
including recording and analyzing financial information, preparing financial
reports for management, and processing payroll.




BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT & CONCEPTS CERTIFICATE

The Business Environment and Concepts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/business-environment-concepts-certificate/]
certificate is designed for CPA Examination candidates who have a non- business
baccalaureate degree. This certificate satisfies the Business Ethics, Business
Communications, and Business hours required to sit for the CPA Exam.




CONSUMER MARKETING CERTIFICATE

The Consumer Marketing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/consumer-marketing-certificate/]
prepares students for customer service and consumer relations responsibilities.




CRIMINAL JUSTICE, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Criminal Justice program
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-aas/]
is designed to prepare students for career entry or career advancement in
criminal justice agencies. This program is particularly useful for those
pursuing careers with local and state law enforcement agencies, and it can also
prepare students for entry-level correctional and private security positions.

Online Classes
 * CRIMJ 1100
 * CRIMJ 1151
 * CRIMJ 2150

Learn more about the Criminal Justice, Associate in Applied Science degree.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/justice-studies/criminal-justice-aas/]


DIGITAL AND SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING CERTIFICATE

The Digital & Social Media Marketing Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/digital-social-media-marketing-certificate/]
provides students the foundational understanding of developing a digital
marketing strategy. Students will be able to optimize a company's digital
marketing efforts through SEO, digital content creation, analysis of digital
metrics, develop email campaigns, and learn best website practices.




ENTREPRENEURSHIP CERTIFICATE

The Entrepreneurship certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/entrepreneurship-certificate/]
requires a minimum of 12 credits.




HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATE

The Human Resource Management (HRM) certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/human-resource-management-hrm-certificate/]
is designed to develop HR competencies required to launch and/or advance an HR
career. Skills and experiences in HR processes and policies, networking,
building connections, and mentoring and coaching are developed.




LONG-TERM CARE ADMINISTRATION, CERTIFICATE

The Long-Term Care Administration
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/long-term-care-administration/long-term-care-administration-certificate/]
certificate prepares students for a variety of administrative and management
positions in agencies providing long-term health care.

Online Classes
 * ACCOU 2140
 * ENGLI 1101
 * LTC 1130
 * LTC 1140
 * LTC 1160
 * MANAG 2240

Learn more about the Long Term Care Administration certificate.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/long-term-care-administration/long-term-care-administration-certificate/]


MANAGEMENT, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Management Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-aas/] degree
prepares students for management and supervisory careers in business and
industry.

Online Classes
 * ACCOU 2140
 * BUSIN 1100
 * BUSLW 2205
 * BUSLW 2211
 * CIS 1150
 * CIS 1221
 * ECONO 2201
 * ENGLI 1101
 * MANAG 2210
 * MANAG 2220
 * MANAG 2240
 * MANAG 2295
 * MARKE 2210
 * MATH 1218
 * OFTI 1200
 * PHILO 1114
 * PSYCH 1100
 * SPEEC 1100

Learn more about the Management, Associate in Applied Science degree.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-aas/]


MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATE

The Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-certificate/]
offers students the opportunity to study the managerial process and gain
valuable skills in coordinating and overseeing the work of organizational
resources so that the goals of the firm can be accomplished.




MARKETING, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Marketing program
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-aas/] provides the
academic and practical background for a successful career in this dynamic field.
Graduates have many employment opportunities, including inside and outside
sales, customer services, consumer marketing, business-to-business marketing,
e-commerce and promotions.

Online Classes
 * ACCOU 2140
 * BUSIN 1100
 * BUSLW 2205
 * BUSLW 2211
 * CIS 1150
 * CIS 1221
 * ECONO 2201
 * MANAG 2210
 * MARKE 1150
 * MARKE 2210
 * MARKE 2220
 * MARKE 2225
 * MARKE 2230
 * MARKE 2240
 * MARKE 2270
 * OFTI 1200
 * PHILO 1114
 * PSYCH 1100

Learn more about the Marketing, Associate in Applied Science degree.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-aas/]


MARKETING CERTIFICATE

The Marketing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-certificate/]
requires a minimum of 31 credits.




ORGANIZATIONAL LEADERSHIP CERTIFICATE

The Organizational Leadership certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/organizational-leadership-certificate/]
requires 12 credits courses in Management.




PARALEGAL STUDIES CERTIFICATE

The Paralegal Studies certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/paralegal-studies/paralegal-studies-certificate/]
prepares its graduates to perform substantive legal work under the supervision
of an attorney. 




PARALEGAL STUDIES DEGREE

The Paralegal Studies degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/paralegal-studies/paralegal-studies-aas/]
prepares its graduates to perform substantive legal work under the supervision
of an attorney.




PARAPROFESSIONAL IN EDUCATION, CERTIFICATE

The Paraprofessional
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/paraprofessional-education-certificate/]
certificate is designed to prepare individuals to take on the role of a
paraprofessional also known as a teacher's assistant, in a K-12 classroom.
Students will take a variety of classes to introduce them to aspects of teaching
and learning that will help them to be successful as a paraprofessional.

Online Classes
 * EDUCA 1100
 * EDUCA 1101
 * EDUCA 1150
 * EDUCA 2201
 * EDUCA 2230
 * PSYCH 2220

Learn more about the Paraprofessional in Education certificate.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/paraprofessional-education-certificate/]


SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Software Development
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/software-development-aas/]
degree prepares students to design, develop, and maintain software through the
implementation of established software design constructs in standard programming
languages.

Online Classes
 * CIS 1150
 * CIS 1180
 * CIS 1230
 * CIS 1400
 * CIS 1410
 * CIS 1640
 * CIS 2770
 * CIS/CIT 1140
 * CIS/CIT 1450
 * ENGLI 1105
 * MANAG 2170
 * PHILO 1114

Learn more about the Software Development, Associate in Applied Science degree.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/software-development-aas/]


SUPERVISION CERTIFICATE

The Supervision certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/supervision-certificate/] is
designed to provide individuals in first-line managerial positions with current
content in balancing the requirements for high work performance with the diverse
needs of the workforce.




WEB PROGRAMMER, CERTIFICATE

The Web Programmer
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-programmer-certificate/]certificate
requires 31 credits.

Online Classes
 * CIS 1120
 * CIS 1130
 * CIS 1300
 * CIS 2320
 * CIS 2571
 * CIS 2572

Learn more about the Web Programmer certificate.
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-programmer-certificate/]


WRITING STUDIES’ PROFESSIONAL WRITING CERTIFICATE

The two-time national award-winning Writing Studies program
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/index.aspx] offers students a
Professional Writing Certificate that can be completed fully online and in less
than a year. Students gain real hands-on experiences writing with and for
organizations and nonprofits. They also assemble a professional portfolio of
their writing to use on the job market. Upon completion, students make career
changes, secure internships and writing jobs, and gain entrance into
undergraduate and graduate programs.

Online Classes
 * ENGLI 1101
 * ENGLI 1102
 * ENGLI 1105
 * ENGLI 1110
 * ENGLI 1115
 * ENGLI 2105
 * ENGLI 2110
 * ENGLI 2115

Learn more about the Professional Writing Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/professional-writing-certificate/].


ONLINE DEGREE FORMATS

COD offers several different types of online class formats
[/academics/online/online-class-formats/index.aspx], but only online (NET) and
virtual classroom meetings (VCM) are offered for online degrees. Both NET and
VCM course formats are offered every semester. 

Online (NET)Virtual Classroom Meetings (VCM)
Online (NET)

Online (NET) courses are taught completely online following instructor timelines
and learning outcomes. Students interact mostly through discussion boards and
written messages and all assignments are submitted online. 

Virtual Classroom Meetings (VCM)
Virtual Classroom Meeting (VCM) courses meet completely online in real time at
specified days and times using video chat software. All assignments are
submitted online. This format is designed to allow students regular face-to-face
contact in a virtual format.


FIND AN ONLINE COURSE

COD's hybrid and online course search makes it easier for you to find
non-traditional courses. Course descriptions, professors and sections are
listed, but you will need to use Student Planning to register for classes after
you have submitted your application for admission [/admission/index.aspx]. 



Fall 2023 Hybrid and Online Course Search
[/aspcod/codonline/courses.asp?Term=2023FA]
Spring 2024 Hybrid and Online Course Search
[/aspcod/codonline/courses.asp?Term=2024SP]
Summer 2024 Hybrid and Online Course Search
[https://cod.edu/aspcod/codonline/courses.asp?Term=2024SU]




GET STARTED EARNING YOUR ONLINE DEGREE

The first step to earning your degree is to follow the five steps to enrollment
[/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]which includes applying for
admission. [/admission/index.aspx] If you have questions regarding the
admissions process, contact Admissions and Outreach
[/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx].


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

How does an online course work?

Online courses are administered through Blackboard, the learning management
system used at COD. You will find your course syllabus and calendar in
Blackboard and you can access your assignments, tests and course discussions.
You will be expected to log on to Blackboard frequently--every day in many cases
and sometimes over the weekend.

Each course is different, but the majority of online courses are structured like
traditional courses. Work must be completed by certain deadlines (you can't wait
until the last week to do it all), which are usually spaced week-by-week. You
will need to log on to look at new lecture material and to complete any
assignments that the instructor has put on the site.

In many courses, you will also be responsible for participating in weekly
discussions. These are done through online discussion boards, where you will be
graded on your responses to questions and engagement with other students.

The SmarterMeasure Self-Assessment Tool [https://cod.smartermeasure.com/] can
help determine if online learning is a right fit for you.

Will I need to come to campus?

The majority of online courses at COD are delivered entirely online and will not
necessitate students coming to campus. However, there are some online courses
that will require you to come to campus for placement testing or for proctored
exams or to outside locations for clinical practicums.

Can I work at my own pace?

You can complete your work any time of day or night that you want. This is part
of what makes online classes so great for working adults.

You will have to meet weekly deadlines. This means that you will have to keep
pace and ensure that you are completing work regularly so that you will not miss
deadlines and fall behind in the course.

What can I do to succeed in an online class?

Many of the things that will make you successful in an online class are the same
things that make you successful in a traditional class: completing course
reading assignments, asking questions, watching lectures and studying on a
regular schedule.

Because online courses are student-centered, a lot of your success depends on
your active participation. For each credit hour you are taking, you will need to
spend three to four hours completing the requirements of the course.

What if I need help with my coursework or testing?

While you may not be on campus, that doesn't mean you're completely isolated
from the resources COD provides.

The Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx] offers both live
and email assistance and tutoring services in math, writing, reading and speech.
You can also contact tech support, faculty members and staff working in every
department in the school, from registration to the library, if you need help.

Student on a computer
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/student-on-computer.jpg]


APPLY NOW

If you are a new student, you will need to fill out an admissions application
before beginning a degree program.

[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]
Student meeting with counselor
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/counseling-and-advising.jpg]


FINANCIAL AID

College of DuPage provides a range of services that help make the cost of
college more affordable.

[/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
Two students working together on a computer
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/students-on-computers.jpg]


ONLINE COURSE CATALOG

The Online Course Catalog enables you to view all online courses in one area.

[/aspcod/codonline/courses.asp?Term=2021FA]

 

Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact Admissions and Outreach [/academics/online/contact.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/online/index.pcf]