https://www.cod.edu/about/cod-facts/cod-history.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Aerial shot of employees spelling out 50
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-50-anniversary-history-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]College of
DuPage Facts [https://www.cod.edu/about/cod-facts/]College of DuPage History


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE HISTORY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * College of DuPage History [/about/cod-facts/cod-history.aspx]

On Sept. 25, 1967, College of DuPage opened under the leadership of President
Rodney K. Berg and Board of Trustees Chairman George L. Seaton. Classes were
held in office trailers and at leased suburban sites throughout the newly formed
Community College District 502. Driving from class to class, the students,
faculty and staff of this “campus-less” community college became affectionately
known as road runners, hence the school’s nickname, “Chaparrals.”

College of DuPage’s origins can be traced to two signature events. First was the
Illinois General Assembly adoption of the Public Community College Act of 1965.
Second was the approval by DuPage high school district voters of a 1965
referendum. Their foresight created a new community college to serve the
dynamically growing and prospering DuPage area.

In 1968, a 273-acre Glen Ellyn campus site was acquired, and a year later, three
interim buildings were constructed west of Lambert Road. The first permanent
building, today’s Berg Instructional Center, opened in 1973. Four years later,
the top floor of the BIC was completed. The year 1979 marked the appointment of
Harold D. McAninch as College of DuPage’s second president, and in 1983 the
Student Resource Center (SRC) and Physical Education and Community Recreation
Center opened.

Over the next decade, the McAninch Arts Center (1986) and Seaton Computing
Center (1990) opened on campus, while new Naperville and Westmont centers (1991)
offered an even greater regional presence.

Michael T. Murphy became College of DuPage’s third president in 1994. Under
President Murphy, College of DuPage became America’s largest single-campus
community college, a distinction it held through 2003.

Capping the 2002 academic year, voters approved a $183-million bond issue that
provided funds for the renovation and rebuilding of the Glen Ellyn campus and
several off-campus locations.

The arrival of the College’s fourth president, Dr. Sunil Chand, and the opening
of the College’s expanded Bloomingdale Center highlighted 2003. Throughout 2004
and 2005, Chand launched major initiatives for the College’s academic
accreditation through the AQIP quality improvement process and curriculum
conversion from quarters to semesters that officially began with the fall 2005
semester.

College of DuPage opened its Carol Stream Center in 2004 and West Chicago
Community Education Center in 2005. The year 2006 brought the Frontier Campus in
Naperville, a collaboration between College of DuPage and Indian Prairie
District 204. Year 2007 included completion of the Early Childhood Center, along
with construction of efficient new campus roadways and revamped parking lots.

College of DuPage in 2008 received a maximum seven-year reaccreditation through
the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Institutions
of Higher Education.

Dr. Robert L. Breuder took over for Interim President Harold McAninch in January
2009, and that summer both the Health and Science Center and Technical Education
Center opened on the Glen Ellyn campus. Construction and other physical
improvements, including landscaping and signage, intensified, boosted in
November 2010 when District 502 voters approved a $168-million capital
referendum initiative.

Funds from the 2002 referendum have been used for construction of the Robert J.
Miller Homeland Security Education Center, the Student Services Center and the
Culinary & Hospitality Center. The 2010 referendum supported the renovation of
the Student Resource Center, the Seaton Computing Center, the McAninch Arts
Center, the Campus Maintenance Center and the Physical Education Center. The
College realized several major outcomes, including significant
semester-to-semester enrollment increases, the addition of approximately 50 new
academic programs, and the creation of the 3+1 degree program that allows
students to earn an entire bachelor’s degree with a partner university without
leaving the COD campus.

On April 30, 2015, Executive Vice President Joseph E. Collins, Ph.D., was
selected by the Board of Trustees to serve as Acting Interim President.

On July 1, 2016,  Dr. Ann Rondeau became president of College of DuPage.

On July 1, 2019, Dr. Brian Caputo became president of College of DuPage after
serving as interim president for six months.

The community college district served by College of DuPage has grown
significantly over the years. Originally formed from 10 high school districts,
District 502 has become the most populous in Illinois, outside of Chicago. More
than one million residents from all or part of 51 communities comprise today’s
District 502, with boundaries encompassing significant parts of Cook and Will
counties, as well as the majority of DuPage County.

College of DuPage’s operating revenue is derived primarily from local taxes,
tuition and fees, and state allocations. Special grants from state and federal
sources may be acquired, and gifts and grants from foundations and private
sources are accepted through the College of DuPage Foundation. College of DuPage
is recognized by the Illinois Community College Board (ICCB) and governed by a
locally elected seven-member Board of Trustees and one elected, non-voting
student representative.

Since its humble beginnings in 1967, College of DuPage has grown in breadth and
stature to take its place as one of the nation’s finest community colleges.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/cod-facts/cod-history.pcf]