https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/restaurant-management.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

A man and a woman standing in the restaurant talking
[/_resources/img/hero/hospitality-management-talking-restaurant.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Hospitality Management and
Tourism Programs
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/]


RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT PROGRAM

The Restaurant Management program provides opportunities for students to learn
necessary skills for a management career in the food and beverage industry.
Learn business law, food and beverage management, supervision and customer
service through a variety of hospitality courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hosp/]. 

The Restaurant Management Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/restaurant-management-aas/]
degree provides the academic and practical background for immediate entrance
into this dynamic field. Certificates in Restaurant Management
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/restaurant-management-certificate/]
and Wine Appreciation and Knowledge
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/wine-appreciation--knowledge-certificate/]
are also available.

Students will also gain real-world experience essential to careers in restaurant
management through Waterleaf Restaurant
[/academics/programs/culinary/student-run-dining/waterleaf/index.aspx], located
on the COD campus. Learn from expert faculty who bring industry expertise and
real world experience to the classroom.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Take classes in supervision, restaurant service and sales, hospitality industry
accounting and law for hospitality.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in hospitality or tourism, planning to
transfer to a four-year institution or updating your skills, College of DuPage
has the right program for you. We offer: 

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry and teaching
   experience.
 * Flexible schedules with day and evening classes.
 * Affordable classes.
 * Articulated transfer program with several prestigious institutions.
 * Programs designed to prepare students with the skills that are in demand by
   today’s employers.
 * Study Abroad opportunities to locations such as Budapest and Prague.

Degrees


RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Restaurant Management, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/restaurant-management-aas/]provides
an opportunity for students to learn the necessary skills for a management
career in the food and beverage industry. This degree requires a minimum of 64
credits

Certificates


RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT

The Restaurant Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/restaurant-management-certificate/]focuses
on front of the house service skills. Upon completion, students will be prepared
for management positions in the restaurant industry. The certificate requires 16
credits.


WINE APPRECIATION AND KNOWLEDGE

The Wine Appreciation and Knowledge certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/wine-appreciation--knowledge-certificate/]teaches
students techniques that impact the aroma, flavor, body and style of wines and
learn how certain practices affect wine flavor through lectures and tastings. 
The certificate requires 10 credits.


COD STORIES

Santino Cardoso [/about/stories/students/images/santino_cardoso.jpg]

"The professors offered a top-notch educational experience by blending the
educational materials with the real-world situations that need to be taught in
any field. COD courses offered the flexibility of attending college and working
at the same time, helping me set a fine balance.” - Santino Cardoso

Santino's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cardoso.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in restaurant management is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Maps

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Restaurant Management, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/restaurant-management-aas/]
 * Restaurant Management, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/restaurant-management-certificate/]
 * Wine Appreciation and Knowledge, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/wine-appreciation--knowledge-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Hospitality and Tourism Program graduates will

 * Engage in critical analysis and creative thinking
 * Apply the basic principles of analytical thinking and problem solving when
   examining hospitality management issues
 * Analyze trends and organizational data and develop business strategies for
   the hospitality industry
 * Collect and evaluate information to make sound decisions
 * Demonstrate the ability to integrate concepts and theories across functional
   business domains (e.g. Finance, Marketing, Human Resources, Operations, etc.)
 * Demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and attitudes to function effectively in a
   diverse and global organizational environment
 * Demonstrate proficiency in the application of selected technology
 * Synthesize core concepts in the areas of hospitality accounting, finance,
   human resources, marketing, operations, and quantitative methods
 * Demonstrate personal and professional standards for ethical decision-making
   and social behavior
 * Evaluate personal and professional goals and development based on perceived
   strengths and potential for life-long learning
 * Demonstrate the ability to read, listen, and clearly express themselves using
   written, oral, visual, and quantitative methods to communicate effectively
   with superiors, coworkers, customers, and members of the community
 * Demonstrate leadership, teamwork, and interpersonal skills needed for
   managing diverse and global hospitality operations




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several hospitality management and tourism
[/academics/transfer/programs/hospitality-management-tourism.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Restaurant Management Program
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/current-students.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/restaurant-management.pcf]