https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student painting a mural outside
[/_resources/img/hero/outside-student-mural-painting.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Financial Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/]Policies
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/policies/]


UNDERSTANDING YOUR FINANCIAL AID RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
 * Return of Title IV Aid
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx]
 * Rights and Responsibilities
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx]
 * Satisfactory Academic Progress
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]

Financial aid is awarded per academic school year. Returning students must
reapply by submitting the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
Students can begin filing their FAFSA as early as October 1 annually; the Office
of Student Financial Assistance (OSFA) strongly encourages students to file the
FAFSA as soon possible after October 1. 


GENERAL INFORMATION

College of DuPage requires students not fully covered by financial aid or
military benefits to enroll in a payment plan or pay their account balance by
the payment due date.

Your financial aid award is based on your demonstrated financial need, as
determined by subtracting your Expected Family Contribution (EFC) from your Cost
of Attendance at College of DuPage. Your EFC is calculated by the Federal
Processor based on information you submitted on your Free Application for
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).

Your Cost of Attendance includes:

 * The Board approved tuition and fee charges for full-time enrollment for a 9
   month period (academic year)
 * Allowance for room and board according to the living arrangements specified
   on your FAFSA 
 * Allowance for books, transportation, and personal expenses as dictated by
   Federal regulations

Your financial aid award letter may include grants, loans, and/or work study
awarded through College of DuPage. You may accept all or a portion of your
financial aid award. You may also reject any portion of your financial aid
award. To maintain your eligibility for these awards you must continue to
demonstrate financial need, maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress, enroll in
an eligible degree or certificate program
[/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx], and be academically
engaged in your classes for the entire length of the term. No Attendance means
No Financial Aid. Failure to meet these criteria will result in the removal or
reduction of your financial aid award.

After tuition, fees, and other charges are paid, unless otherwise notified,
Pell, FSEOG, and STS will be available to students mid-term in the form of a
refund. If you signed up for e-Refunds then the funds will automatically be
deposited into your designated account. If direct deposit hasn’t been set up,
your refund will be available in the form of a check for pick up at the
Cashier’s Office. These funds are available for use towards your remaining
educational expenses.

If you owe a balance to College of DuPage due to an overpayment of financial aid
or are in default on an educational loan, you will not receive financial aid.
General Terms and Conditions of Your Award As a recipient of financial aid
(which includes grants, loans and work-study), you are the beneficiary of monies
made available to you by a variety of agencies – federal, state, institutional,
and private. When you accept your financial aid award(s) you are agreeing that
you have read, understood, and are aware of the obligations and responsibilities
included within this letter.

 1.  Your financial aid award was determined in accordance with laws and
     regulations in effect at the time of the calculation of your award and the
     availability of funds. Your financial aid is awarded based on full-time
     enrollment. The aid amounts on your award letter are estimated and may
     change if your enrollment or eligibility changes. The Office of Student
     Financial Assistance (OSFA) reserves the right to modify, reduce, or cancel
     your award if these laws are amended or funds are withdrawn or exhausted.
 2.  The information you submitted on your application is current, complete, and
     true to the best of your knowledge. You are also a citizen or eligible
     noncitizen of the United States.
 3.  You agree to notify the OSFA of any financial assistance you receive that
     is not listed on the financial aid award letter. This includes tuition
     waiver(s) and/or scholarship(s) received from College of DuPage departments
     /programs, receipt or loss of any non-College of DuPage financial
     assistance, any part-time employment other than Federal Work-Study (FWS),
     and/or Job Opportunity Training Grant (WOIA) funds.
 4.  You will keep the OSFA informed of any changes (favorable as well as
     unfavorable) in your financial circumstances that occur within the award
     period including a change of address and/or name. You may request a
     recalculation of your financial need if there is a substantial change in
     your family’s financial circumstances. However, this may not result in an
     increase in financial aid.
 5.  Failure to report additional assistance received can result in the
     adjustment, cancellation, or required repayment of aid offered by the
     College of DuPage. The OSFA is required to adjust all awards in relation to
     your financial need.
 6.  To receive financial aid funds - whether it is grants or loans - you must
     be enrolled as a regular student in an eligible degree or certificate
     program. A regular student is defined as someone who is enrolled or
     accepted for enrollment at College of DuPage for the purpose of obtaining a
     degree or certificate offered by College of DuPage. You must enroll in
     classes leading to a U.S Department of Education approved certificate or
     degree for financial aid purposes at the College of DuPage. Classes must
     apply to your degree or certificate program. Your financial aid will then
     be awarded based on the registered credit hours for your degree/certificate
     program. Financial aid is to be used towards the payment of required
     tuition and fees, books and supplies, and for maintenance costs related to
     your attendance at College of DuPage.
 7.  You cannot receive financial aid from two schools at the same time for the
     same semester. 
 8.  According to the Federal Refund Policy
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx], if you
     withdraw from or stop attending class(es) prior to completing 60% of the
     term, you could owe a refund of grant and/or loan funds to the College of
     DuPage and to the Federal Government. The amount owed is based upon your
     grant and/or loan amounts and your last date of attendance.
 9.  If you withdraw from all classes or drop below half-time enrollment at any
     time prior to receipt of your Federal Direct Loan or PLUS Loan funds, you
     may be ineligible to receive your Federal Direct Loan or Federal Direct
     PLUS loan funds.
 10. If you withdraw from all classes during a term for which you received a
     Federal Direct Loan or a Federal Direct PLUS Loan, you may be ineligible to
     receive any subsequent funds.
 11. If your instructor reports you as a Non Attend on their Enrollment
     Verification, then your financial aid award will be adjusted accordingly.
     In accordance with Federal Regulations, your financial aid awards must be
     adjusted for any class reported that you are not attending. Federal
     Regulations require active participation in class to be eligible for
     Federal funds. This may cause you to owe a balance.
 12. If you are awarded a scholarship and you withdraw completely or fall below
     the scholarship criteria, you may be responsible for repayment of your
     scholarship.
 13. To maintain your eligibility for financial aid you must maintain
     Satisfactory Academic Progress.
 14.  Financial aid can only cover up to 30 semester hours of below 1000 level
     courses.
 15. Financial aid will not pay for a class that you have taken twice and passed
     at least one of those times.


EXPLANATION OF FINANCIAL AID AWARDS

If you have any questions about how your financial aid award was determined or
if you feel you have extenuating circumstances regarding your financial aid
eligibility, contact the OSFA.

The actual disbursement of financial aid varies and is dependent on your
Expected Family Contribution (EFC) and your enrollment status:

 * Full-time = 12 credit hours or more
 * Three Quarter time = 9 to 11 credit hours
 * Half-time = 6 to 8 hours
 * Less than half-time = 1 to 5 credit hours


FEDERAL PELL GRANT

Your Federal Pell Grant award is determined upon your enrollment status after
the refund period for each of your registered classes. This date is referred to
as the “census date.”

 * If your financial aid is awarded after the census date, your Federal Pell
   Grant award could be determined by your enrollment hours at that time. In
   addition, if term grades post before your Pell Grant is awarded, your Federal
   Pell Grant award will be based upon your earned hours. Disbursement
   information can be found online under Important Notes and Dates
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx].
 * If you register for classes late or after the census date, then your Federal
   Pell Grant will not include those classes when determining your award amount.
   Regardless of when you started attending those classes. This may cause you to
   owe a balance at College of DuPage
 * You can estimate your Pell Grant award based on your enrollment, by logging
   into your myACCESS and clicking on PELL Grant Calculator 


CHARGING BOOKS AND SUPPLIES

You may be eligible to charge your required books and supplies in the bookstore
on the main campus against your financial aid if there is money remaining after
covering your tuition costs and you have completed the Bookstore Authorization
Form.

The bookstore dates can be found online under Important Notes and Dates
[/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx].

If you are eligible to charge your books against your financial aid, you must
bring a copy of your schedule and a Photo ID to present at the registers in the
Bookstore at checkout. Your book charges will be deducted from your financial
aid awards. If your book charges exceed your financial aid award, you will be
responsible for paying the difference. Please Note: If you add/drop classes
after purchasing your books in the bookstore, you may end up owing some money
back. Check with the OSFA before dropping/adding any classes.


ILLINOIS MONETARY AWARD PROGRAM (MAP) AWARDS

The Illinois Monetary Award Program (MAP) is available from the Illinois Student
Assistance Commission (ISAC) to Illinois residents who are undergraduate
students at an approved Illinois college. The award is applied to in-district
tuition and mandatory fees only and does not include class or lab fees. The
Illinois MAP Grant only covers Fall and Spring Semesters. The Illinois MAP Grant
cannot be used for Summer Semester.

 * If your financial aid is awarded after the census date, your Illinois MAP
   Grant award could be determined by your enrollment hours at that time. In
   addition, if term grades post before your Illinois MAP Grant is awarded, your
   Illinois MAP Grant award will be based upon your earned hours.
   Revised 01/21/2020 
 * If you register for classes late or after the census date, then your Illinois
   MAP Grant will not include those classes when determining your award amount.
   Regardless of when you started attending those classes. This may cause you to
   owe a balance at College of DuPage

By applying for financial aid and agreeing to share that information with the
Illinois Student Assistance Commission (ISAC) you have been considered for the
State of Illinois (IL) Monetary Award Program (MAP) Grant. All MAP-approved
institutions are required by the State of Illinois to announce MAP Grant awards
to students who are enrolled or intending to enroll at their institution. An
award amount is included on this letter if you have met the eligibility
criteria.

The MAP Grant award amount is an estimate made by the financial aid office and
is identified as a "State of IL MAP Grant (Est)". Be aware that the number of
available MAP Grants is limited by funding levels approved by the Illinois
General Assembly and the Governor, and reductions to estimated or actual MAP
Grants are possible.


FEDERAL SUPPLEMENTAL EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY GRANT AWARDS

The Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG) is awarded to
students who demonstrate the most need and is awarded on a first come first
serve basis. The actual disbursement amount will be dependent upon your
enrollment status as of the census date. The FSEOG Grant is available for fall
and spring semesters; in the event the fund is not exhausted, the institution
may be awarded for the summer term.

 * If your financial aid is awarded after the census date, your FSEOG award
   could be determined by your enrollment hours at that time. In addition, if
   term grades post before your FSEOG is awarded, your FSEOG award will be based
   upon your successfully completed and earned hours. Disbursement information
   can be found online under Important Notes and Dates
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx].
 * If you register for classes late or after the census date, then your FSEOG
   Award will not include those classes when determining your award amount.
   Regardless of when you started attending those classes. This may cause you to
   owe a balance at College of DuPage


FWS AWARDS

The Federal Work Study (FWS) Program gives you the opportunity to earn money to
help pay your educational expenses. The amount of the award represents the
maximum amount you may earn under this program; it is not a guarantee of
earnings. For more information regarding Federal Work Study positions available,
pay rate and hours – visit Human Resources [/about/humanresources/student.aspx].

STS, FSEOG, and FWS awards are based on the institutional awarding policy and
available funds.


FEDERAL DIRECT LOANS

Federal Direct Subsidized Loan is a low interest loan based on financial need as
determined by your Expected Family Contribution and Cost of Attendance. The
federal government pays the interest while you are in school or during your
6-month grace period. The interest rate is calculated every July 1. For current
interest rate information, visit studentaid.gov [https://studentaid.gov/]. You
must enroll and be actively participating in a minimum six (6) credit hours or
more to be eligible for a Direct Subsidized Loan.

Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan is a low interest loan and not based on
financial need. You are responsible for interest payments while in school. The
interest rate is calculated every July 1. For current interest rate information,
visit studentaid.gov [https://studentaid.gov/]. You must enroll and be actively
participating in six (6) credit hours or more to be eligible for a Direct
Unsubsidized Loan.

Federal Direct Parent Loan for Undergraduate Students (PLUS) is borrowed by the
parent on behalf of their dependent student and is not based on financial need.
The interest rate is calculated every July 1. For current interest rate
information, visit studentaid.gov [https://studentaid.gov/] The student must
enroll and be actively participating in six (6) credit hours or more to be
eligible for a PLUS Loan.


GENERAL INFORMATION FOR LOANS

All Federal Direct Subsidized, Unsubsidized and PLUS Loan information will be
submitted to the National Student Loan Data System (NSLDS), and will be
accessible by guaranty agencies, lenders, and schools determined to be
authorized users of the data system.

First time Direct Loan borrowers at College of DuPage must complete Entrance
Loan Counseling before a Direct Loan is processed. Entrance Loan Counseling can
be completed online at studentaid.gov
[https://studentaid.gov/entrance-counseling]

 * All Direct Loan borrowers must also complete a Master Promissory Note, MPN,
   online at studentaid.gov [https://studentaid.gov/mpn]

Direct Loan funds (Subsidized and Unsubsidized) and Parent PLUS Loan funds will
disburse in two equal payments for each term of the loan. For example, in Fall
Semester your loan funds will disburse in two equal payments and the same for
Spring Semester, and/or Summer Semesters. Refer to your Notice of Disclosure for
specific disbursement information. Disbursement dates may be updated depending
on the class sessions in which you enroll (ex: 16 week session vs. 2nd 8 week
session). Disbursement information can also be found online under Important
Notes and Dates [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx].

Any PLUS Loan refund checks will be issued to the student of the parent
borrower, unless otherwise requested by the parent.

All loan recipients – including Direct and PLUS - must enroll and complete a
minimum of six (6) eligible credit hours including approved remedial courses,
each term. If term grades post before your Federal Direct Loan funds are
disbursed, your loan disbursement will be based upon your successfully earned
hours. Refer to the Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
[/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx] for
additional information. You can also review requirements to receive a Federal
Student Loan online at studentaid.gov [https://studentaid.gov/]

You are required to complete Exit Loan Counseling before leaving College of
DuPage, or if your enrollment drops to fewer than six credit hours. Exit Loan
Counseling can be completed online at studentaid.gov [https://studentaid.gov/]

College of DuPage does not process Direct/PLUS Loans for students who attend
College of DuPage for Summer term classes only.

 *  If your financial aid is awarded after the census date, your Federal Direct
   Loan award could be determined by your enrollment hours at that time. In
   addition, if term grades post before your Federal Direct Loan is awarded,
   your Federal Direct Loan award will be based upon your successfully completed
   and earned hours. Disbursement information can be found online under
   Important Notes and Dates.
 * If you register for classes after the census date, then your Federal Direct
   Loans and/or PLUS Loans will not include those classes when determining your
   award amount. Regardless of when you started attending those classes. This
   may cause you to owe a balance at College of DuPage

The College prohibits discrimination in its admissions, employment, and
educational programs or activities on the basis of race, color, sex, religion,
creed, national origin, age, ancestry, marital status, sexual orientation,
gender identity and expression, arrest record, military status or unfavorable
military discharge, citizenship status, and physical or mental disability.
(Board Policy 5010; 20-5)

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.pcf]