https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Kids working on project [/_resources/img/hero/youth-academy-kids.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Continuing
Education [https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/]Youth Academy


YOUTH ACADEMY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Meet Our Team [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/team.aspx]
 * Youth Enrichment
   [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/youth-enrichment.aspx]
 * Junior High Achievers
   [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/junior-high.aspx]
 * Youth Academy High School Classes
   [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/high_school.aspx]
 * Talent Search
   [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/talent-search.aspx]
 * Youth Camps [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/youth-camps.aspx]
 * Summer Lunch
   [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/summer-lunch.aspx]

Learn how to maximize your potential by taking advantage of the many youth
offerings at College of DuPage. It's never too early to develop an appreciation
of lifelong learning.

Share your contact information
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/information-form.aspx] to receive
program updates via email.

Young students in kitchen [/_resources/img/slider/youth-culinary-arts.jpg]

Youth Academy students exploring culinary arts in our Culinary Center.

Students posing in front of a bus [/_resources/img/slider/youth-field-trip.jpg]

Explorers Day Camp field trip.

Students soldering [/_resources/img/slider/youth-soldering.jpg]

Youth Academy students soldering as part of our manufacturing camp.

Students using a microscope [/_resources/img/slider/youth-microscope.jpg]

Youth Academy students expanding their scientific skills while learning how to
use a microscope.

Youth students practicing archery [/_resources/img/slider/youth-archery.jpg]

Summer Camp fun, Youth Academy students trying they hand at archery.


YOUTH AND HIGH SCHOOL PROGRAMS

Click on the program titles below to find more information about our offerings
for students in Kindergarten through High School.

Youth Enrichment
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/youth-enrichment.aspx]: Academic
and enrichment classes are offered throughout the year for students in
elementary and middle school. Explore exciting STEM topics or gain additional
practice in school subjects.

Junior High Achievers
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/junior-high.aspx]: Students
entering grades 7 and 8 are invited to explore high school curriculum among a
group of peers in classes modeled after high school standards.

High School Programs
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/high_school.aspx]: Elective and
academic options throughout the year include test preparation, tutoring and our
new summer refresher series.

Talent Search
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/talent-search.aspx]: Summer
courses for academically gifted students scoring in the ninetieth percentile.

Summer Camps [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/youth-camps.aspx]:
Explorer Camps provide all-day fun for students entering kindergarten to grade
six. Students entering grades seven to ten can participate in the Counselor
Training program or Teen X-Treme Camps.

Private Music Lessons
[/academics/continuing-education/adult-enrichment/music-academy/index.aspx]

Tutoring [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/tutoring.aspx]:
Professional tutoring is available in a variety of topics including English,
Math, Science and Standardized ACT and SAT Test Prep.


FREE ACTIVITY VIDEOS

Video Archive
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Fruit Kabobs
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vyrzYuJCDM&list=PL0pCtQajEQvjimfGHhQPdW2bDaUVJ5cvi&index=9&t=13s]
 * Math-E-Magic: Circles [https://youtu.be/5I7yCGC7HKs]
 * Yogic Math [https://youtu.be/QAybnglwHEc]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Veggie Omelet [https://youtu.be/bJNMkI4bU0k]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: English Muffin Pizzas
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtAsbyaJRVY]
 * Logic Puzzles: Elimination [https://youtu.be/R6VPUDP9nAY]
 * ACT & SAT Readiness [https://youtu.be/_tSsr_TWtYA]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Banana Bread [https://youtu.be/nNxQ4dcpfCo]
 * Caring For Your Pets [https://youtu.be/YoPUdzbiis8]
 * Simple Meme Creation [https://youtu.be/2axHUVx52IQ]
 * ACT & SAT Test Prep Tips: English Section [https://youtu.be/J6pexsNuehk]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Pancakes [https://youtu.be/UjZsFgN5Cmo]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Easy Bean Burrito 
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Egh7WKu9v4]
 * Math-E-Magic: Looping Numbers [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RiVOty6q00]
 * ACT & SAT Test Prep: Reading Section
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyWrKrrBZnI]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Healthy Breakfast Smoothie
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wG3BBvd9Yk]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Rice Krispie Mug Treat
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcoYUrV4fYc]
 * Amusement Park Physics [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pr01t3O9k-E]
 * ACT & SAT Test Prep Tips: Math Section
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1W3Vhp98JU]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Baked Chicken Tenders
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk5YO-bKeAs&t=98s]
 * All About Animals: Frozen Yogurt Dog Treats
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP-xCRCIaPw&t=5s] 
 * Logic Puzzles: Rebus Puzzles [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZM-0szlwwU]
 * ACT Test Prep Tips: Science Section
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvb6TrpadnM]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Guacamole
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_d-3H3qGVw&t=1s]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Confetti Popcorn
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5uy2zNMNCo]
 * Math- E- Magic: Consecutive Numbers [https://youtu.be/sz5U3S95_GY]
 * Act & Test Prep Tips: Essay Section
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ootCXgkSG4w]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Fruit Salad
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt6-fNadpT8]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Berry Dip
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0KXB9ZfvGo&t=1s]
 * Logic Puzzles: Sudoku [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zqRPWD9FWY]
 * High School Success : Time Management
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y48VLhaM0Ug]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Quesadilla 
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwVuebOIP-8]
 * All About Animals : My Dog Does What? [https://youtu.be/cJ-1Is0Clc4]
 * Math-E-Magic: The Calculator Argument [https://youtu.be/wVMqnucxfkg]
 * Test Prep Series: Cornell Note-Taking  [https://youtu.be/vYXGYSbH15w]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Cake in a Mug [https://youtu.be/uToZWRARDZU]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Quick Energy Trail Mix
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3DcP4VeQpk]
   
   Reading Comprehension: Fix the Fuzziness [https://youtu.be/szVNZnQ2avk]
 * ACT/SAT Best Practices [https://youtu.be/X0gDpuzBuYg]
 * Kids in the Kitchen: Banana Berry Nice Cream
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRCfxHJKldY]


MERIT BADGES

Earn your Boy Scouts of America merit badges at College of DuPage. Camps are led
by a certified merit badge counselor and different topics will be offered
throughout the year. 

All Merit Badge camps are currently at full capacity. To be contacted when
additional sessions are created, email the Youth Coordinator at
youthacademy@cod.edu [youthacademy@cod.edu] and include the student's name, age
and a phone number at which you can be reached.


IN-PERSON REQUIRED FORMS

All students registered in Youth Enrichment, Talent Search or Summer Camp
in-person programs must have a completed Student Code of Conduct and Medical
Release Form on file on the first day of their camp or class. Parents and
guardians may bring completed copies of these required forms
[/academics/continuing-education/pdf/required-forms.pdf] on the first day or
complete them during sign-in. The high school programs have a separate set of
required forms, find more information at cod.edu/cehighschool
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/high_school.aspx]. 


ONLINE OPPORTUNITIES AND FORMS

All online courses require access to a reliable internet connection, a personal
computer, webcam, and microphone. Registered students are required to submit
online waivers for program.

Please be advised: registration closes one week prior to the start of online
courses. All students must have a completed copy of the Youth Academy Online
Waiver [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/pdf/onlineyouthwaiver.pdf]
on file at least 2 business days prior to the start of class. Completed forms
should be emailed to youthacademy@cod.edu [youthacademy@cod.edu]. 


CANCELLATIONS AND REFUNDS 

In the event of a class cancellation or student drop, College of DuPage
Continuing Education will issue a refund to the name associated with the
enrolled course. In order for a parent to receive the refund in their name, they
will need to complete the following Parent Refund Form for Youth Academy
Participants
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/pdf/parent-guardian-refund-form.pdf].
This form needs to be completed no later than one week after the payment has
been made for the course.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Continuing Education
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 1110
(630) 942-2208
Fax: (630) 942-3785
Email: CE@cod.edu [CE@cod.edu]

 * Request More Information
   [/academics/continuing-education/general_information.aspx]
 * Fall 2023 Class Schedule (all classes)
   [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/pmul/]

Front Desk Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 7 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Office hours may vary due to holidays and staff coverage.
Fall 2023 Class ScheduleLearn More
[https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/pmul/]

Request for information about Youth Academy
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/information-form.aspx]

 


FOR HIGH SCHOOL ADMINS: HOW YOU CAN HELP STUDENTS GET AHEAD

Photo of high school girl working in a chemistry lab
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/ce-youth-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/DU9-Z6kgASI?rel=0

College of DuPage has opportunities for you to help your students get ahead in
their coursework, while earning additional high-school credits through the Youth
Academy High School Summer Program.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/index.pcf]