https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students in computer lab
[/_resources/img/hero/computerinformationsystems-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Information Technology Services
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/]Information
Technology Services Security
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/]Safeguarding
Standards


SAFEGUARDING STANDARDS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Intelligent Message Filtering
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
 * Phishing
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]
 * Safeguarding Standards
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]


STANDARDS FOR SAFEGUARDING CUSTOMER INFORMATION (THE GRAMM-LEACH-BLILEY ACT)

A guide for College Employees

Students, faculty, staff, and alumni are afforded certain rights to privacy of
nonpublic information under the Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information
(The Standards).


WHAT ARE THE STANDARDS FOR SAFEGUARDING CUSTOMER INFORMATION?

The Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information (FTC) 16 CFR part 314
[http://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text-idx?rgn=div5&node=16:1.0.1.3.38] establishes
standards relating to administrative, technical, and physical data and
information safeguards for nonpublic personnel information. The Standards are
the codification of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA)
[http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/glbact.html] and became effective
May 23, 2003.


WHAT IS THE COLLEGE’S RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THESE STANDARDS?

The college must have policy and procedures (guidelines) in place to make sure
it is in compliance with The Standards for data and information protected by
these standards.


WHAT DATA AND INFORMATION IS PROTECTED BY THESE STANDARDS?

The college has chosen to define protected data and information to include
student personal and financial information required to be protected under The
Standards and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). In addition
to educational records and student personal and financial information, the
college has chosen to also include the personal and financial information of
faculty members, staff members, alumni, and other donors in the definition of
protected data and information. When in doubt as to whether a piece of data or
information is to be protected, COD employees/contractors will err on the side
that it is protected data and information. Protected data and information
includes both paper and electronic records. Examples of protected personal and
financial information include addresses, phone numbers, bank and credit card
account numbers, income and credit histories, and social security numbers.


WHO AT THE COLLEGE CAN VIEW PROTECTED DATA AND INFORMATION?

College employees and contractors who have a “need to know” in order to perform
their jobs to further the mission of the college are allowed to view protected
data and information. These college employees and contractors are said to have a
“legitimate institutional interest” for viewing protected data and information.


RECOMMENDATIONS FOR SAFEGUARDING DATA AND INFORMATION PROTECTED BY THE STANDARDS

 1.  Maintain physical security by locking rooms and/or file cabinets where
     protected data and information is stored. Ensuring windows are locked and
     using safes when practicable for especially sensitive protected data and
     information.
 2.  Maintaining adequate key control and limiting access to sensitive areas to
     those individuals with a “need to know” in order to perform their job.
 3.  Using and frequently changing passwords to access automated systems that
     process protected data and information. Also encouraging the use of
     “strong” passwords (e.g. at least 6 characters, and not easily guessable).
     Also encouraging the safeguarding of passwords (e.g. do not leave passwords
     written down in easy view of others in the vicinity of an employees work
     area).
 4.  Using firewalls and encrypting protected data and information when
     appropriate and feasible. The Information Technology Services department
     provides for this on behalf of all college employees.
 5.  Referring calls and mail requesting protected data and information to those
     individuals who have been trained in safeguarding protected data and
     information for these types of requests.
 6.  Shredding and erasing customer information when no longer needed in
     accordance with Department policy.
 7.  Taking reasonable efforts to limit the view of computer screens and other
     mediums (e.g. paper) displaying protected data and information to only
     those employees who have a “need to know” in order to perform their job.
 8.  Erasing protected data and information from computer screens when it is no
     longer in use. And never leave your desk area with protected data and
     information still displayed on a computer screen or on some other medium
     (e.g. paper) on the desk in clear site of a casual passerby.
 9.  Encouraging employees to report suspicious activity to supervisors and/or
     the COD Public Safety Police department, as appropriate.
 10. Encouraging password-activated screen savers and using them when an
     employee is away from his/her desk.
 11. Taking reasonable steps to ensure that all future contracts are with
     service providers that are capable of maintaining appropriate safeguards
     for the protected data and information at issue.

 

Please Note: The college may take disciplinary measures (including job
termination) against any employee who intentionally, or through gross
negligence, violates any of the above guidelines.

The federal penalty for the college for noncompliance with The Standards is a
fine up to $500,000 or up to 10 years in prison or both, and the federal penalty
for an individual is a fine up to $250,000 or up to 5 years in prison or both.

For more information refer to the College of DuPage Information Technology
Services “Information Security Plan
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/pdf/cod_information_security_plan.pdf]”
and/or contact Keith Conlee, Chief Security Officer for Information Technology
Services, SRC 2157, (630) 942-3055.

College of DuPage
425 Fawell Blvd.
Glen Ellyn, IL 60137-6599

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Faculty/Staff Helpdesk
(630) 942-4357
Email: helpdesk@cod.edu [helpdesk@cod.edu]

Student Helpdesk
(630) 942-2999
Email: studenthelp@dupage.edu

[studenthelp@dupage.edu]Hours of Operation
[/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.pcf]