https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/physical-education/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student working out on treadmill
[/_resources/img/hero/physical-education-student-treadmill.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Physical Education, Fitness, and
Sport Studies Program


PHYSICAL EDUCATION, FITNESS, AND SPORT STUDIES PROGRAM

The Physical Education, Fitness, and Sports Studies program will prepare you for
a career in any of the following: teaching, coaching, strength and conditioning
coaching, personal training, group fitness instruction, exercise science,
kinesiology, sport management and marketing, athletic administration, health
promotion and wellness.

Ranked as the third best Exercise Science and Kinesiology associate degree
program [/news/2021/july/physedtop3.aspx] in the U.S. for 2021, the program
provides students with a quality educational foundation that integrates a
combination of classroom instruction, hands-on practical experience and
activity-based courses. The interactive learning environment prepares students
for direct entry into the field as a personal trainer or fitness instructor
and/or to transfer to a four-year university.  


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Learn skills you need to succeed in a variety of physical education, fitness,
and sports studies courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/phys/] to become
a teacher, coach, fitness instructor or sport business professional. This video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631887&node=9541392&a=702489288&autoplay=1]explains
more about the program, our mission and recommended courses. 

Why COD Degrees CertificatesFitness/Activity ClassesState of Illinois Teaching
Endorsement
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Dedicated instructors
   [/academics/programs/physical-education/contact.aspx] with years of
   professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities and equipment in the Physical
   Education Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/pe.aspx] (PEC)
   and Chaparral Fitness Center.
   [https://gochapsgo.com/sports/2018/11/20/fitness-center.aspx]
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Convenient and affordable transfer programs with Aurora University
   [/academics/transfer/programs/physical-education-fitness-sport-studies.aspx],
   Elmhurst University [/academics/transfer/colleges/elmhurst/index.aspx], Lewis
   University
   [https://www.lewisu.edu/admissions/transfer/pdf/fall-2021/College%20of%20DuPage%20Sport%20Management%202019.pdf]
   and Northern Illinois University.
   [/academics/transfer/colleges/niu/sports-management.aspx]
   
 * An award winning program, categorized as the third best Exercise Science and
   Kinesiology [/news/2021/july/physedtop3.aspx] associate degree program in the
   U.S. for 2021.

Degrees


KINESIOLOGY AND FITNESS

Pursuing a path in kinesiology will prepare you for careers in movement science,
exercise physiology, fitness training, as well as group fitness instruction,
personal training, strength and conditioning.

This path of study enables you to earn an Associate in Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/kinesiology-fitness-track-transfer-pathway-as/]
or an Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/kinesiology-fitness-track-transfer-pathway-aa/]
to study anatomy, exercise science, health, and fitness instruction as well as
gain hands-on experience in activity-based classes.

Contact Gail Tait [taitga@cod.edu] at (630) 942-2587 for more information on
Kinesiology and Fitness.


TEACHING AND COACHING

Pursuing a path in physical education teaching and coaching
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/coaching-transfer-pathway-aa/]
lays the groundwork for you to pursue a career teaching physical education
and/or coaching in K-12 school settings or coaching at the collegiate level.  

Most students in this pathway plan to transfer to a four-year institution. This
path requires students to study traditional physical education, coaching,
health, sport psychology and kinesiology.

Contact Jane Vatchev [vatchev@cod.edu] at (630) 942-3329 for more information on
Physical Education Teaching/Coaching.


SPORT MANAGEMENT

The Sport Management Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/sports-management-transfer-pathway-aa/] prepares
you for administrative careers in a variety of sport settings, including youth,
intercollegiate and professional sports as well as other sport-related
corporations and organizations.

You will be required to take coursework in general business, management,
marketing, psychology and sociology.   

Contact Stephanie Vlach [vlachs@cod.edu] at (630) 942-2629 for more information
on Sport Management.

Certificates


FITNESS INSTRUCTOR

The Fitness Instructor certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/fitness-instructor-certificate/]
program is designed to provide you with a comprehensive background in
kinesiology and exercise programming that leads to a nationally accredited
person training and/or group fitness certification. COD follows the American
Council on Exercise [https://www.acefitness.org] (ACE) curriculum, a nationally
accredited certification organization. 

Once certified as an ACE personal trainer and/or group fitness instructor, you
are employable at local health clubs, YMCAs, Park Districts and other
fitness-related facilities. 

Fitness/Activity Classes

Get moving and jump into one of our group fitness or activity classes
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/phys/] including yoga, pilates, water
aerobics, kickboxing, weight training, power lifting, HIIT or boot camp.

All activity classes are taught by experienced, certified instructors who will
help you reach your fitness goals and earn a college credit along the way. 

A full list of classes can be found in the course catalog
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/phys/].  

State of Illinois Teaching Endorsement


COMPLETE YOUR STATE OF ILLINOIS SUBSEQUENT PHYSICAL EDUCATION ENDORSEMENT
COURSEWORK

Once you complete the requirements needed to earn your Professional Educator
License (PEL) or Educator License with Stipulations endorsed in a teaching
field, you can earn additional content area endorsements. According to the
Illinois State Board of Education
[https://www.isbe.net/Pages/Subsequent-Teaching-Endorsements.aspx], endorsements
can be added at any grade level even if the underlying teaching endorsement on
the PEL is a different grade range.  

The PEL serves as a foundation to which any teaching endorsement can be added
after applicable coursework and testing are completed

Per the State of Illinois, a Physical Education Endorsement can be earned by
successfully completing an additional 18 semester hours in Physical
Education-related courses with a final grade of a "C" or above as well as the
successful completion of the Physical Education 144/213 test provided by and
taken with the State of Illinois.

State of Illinois endorsement requirements and approved coursework can change.
Contact Assistant Professor Jane Vatchev [vatchev@cod.edu] for more information.

 


COD STORIES

Mitchell Sandleback [/about/stories/students/images/mitchell_sandleback.jpg]

"The resources available to students are incredible, and sports and clubs are
great ways to meet new people and be part of the COD community. If I had to go
back and do college over, I would start again at COD." - Mitchell Sandleback

Mitchell's COD Story [/about/stories/students/sandleback.aspx]


COD STORIES

Madison Kopjo [/about/stories/students/images/madison_kopjo.jpg]

"I knew I would be better off at a community college where I could more freely
pick and choose my classes, instead of at a four-year university spending
unnecessary amounts of money when I was not sure why I was there." - Madison
Kopjo

Madison's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kopjo.aspx]


COD STORIES

Samuel Franklin [/about/stories/students/images/samuel_franklin.jpg]

"When I discovered that you could actually study this in college and train
athletes with that knowledge, it was a no-brainer to me. I could stay around
sports and never be bored with my job and learn about topics that were extremely
interesting to me.” - Samuel Franklin

Samuel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/franklin.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Physical Education, Fitness, and Sports
Studies is to apply for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Fitness Instructor Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/fitness-instructor-certificate/]
 * Kinesiology and Fitness Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/kinesiology-fitness-track-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Kinesiology and Fitness Transfer Pathway, Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/kinesiology-fitness-track-transfer-pathway-as/]
 * Physical Education Teaching and Coaching Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/coaching-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Sports Management Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-education/sports-management-transfer-pathway-aa/]

Program Learning Outcomes


PHYSICAL EDUCATION THEORY

Students taking physical education theory courses will:

 * Demonstrate an understanding of the various sub disciplines that make up the
   field of Physical Education/Kinesiology.
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the various health issues currently facing
   today’s society.
 * Explain the benefits of regular exercise and healthy eating as it relates to
   the dimensions of wellness and disease prevention.
 * Explain the components of physical fitness and steps to achieve each.
 * Use fitness evaluation tools to develop a personal fitness or exercise plan.
 * Evaluate stress levels and explain behaviors to manage stress, both in
   everyday life and in athletic situations.
 * Evaluate the validity of various health and fitness information sources.
 * Explain risk management, safety, and liability as it relates to fitness,
   sport activity, and facility.
 * Identify the concepts of sports management and sports marketing. 


FITNESS AND ACTIVITY 

Students taking fitness and activity classes will: 

 * Explain the concept of wellness and the benefits of regular exercise in
   improving health and wellness.
 * Identify and assess their own health and fitness markers.
 * Perform various exercise activities at a level that will lead to improvement
   in fitness.
 * Recognize a healthy blood pressure and resting heart rate.
 * Calculate their personal target heart rate zone for various intensity levels
   in order to improve fitness.
 * Develop an understanding of the methods used to improve muscular strength,
   muscular endurance and flexibility.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several physical education, fitness and sport studies
transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/physical-education-fitness-sport-studies.aspx] in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


UNIQUE FACILITIES

Outside of the Physical Education Center
[/_resources/img/video/physical-education-center.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/4zL4dPy0rk4?rel=0

The state-of-the art Physical Education Center can help with every academic and
fitness goal.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Physical
Education, Fitness, and Sports Studies program.

How do I know the Physical Education, Fitness, and Sports Studies major is right
for me?

Students who pursue an education within Physical Education, Fitness, and Sports
Studies are interested in careers within teaching, coaching, personal training,
group fitness, strength and conditioning, kinesiology, sport management and
marketing, athletic administration, health and wellness.  

What if I like sports, but I am not sure what I want to do when I graduate?

If you’re not quite sure what you want to pursue as a career, we offer three
pathways or intended majors -  Physical Education, Teaching, Kinesiology and
Sport Management.  

Although these paths lead toward specific careers, much of the coursework
overlaps and therefore students can move from one path to another.  We recommend
all students interested in our program start with PHYS 2200, Introduction to
Physical Education. This class gives students an understanding of the career and
education options within our field as well as clarity on potential paths moving
forward. 

What is the difference between an intended major and the Fitness Instructor
Certificate program?

Our intended majors are designed to lay the educational groundwork for students
who are looking to transfer to a four-year university after their initial two
years of study at COD.  

Our Fitness Instructor Certificate gives students an opportunity to become
educated and nationally certified as a personal trainer or group fitness
instructor in a shorter amount of time. Once nationally certified, students are
employable at health clubs, YMCAs, Park Districts and other fitness-related
facilities.  This allows students an earlier entry into the fitness field and/or
to get certified and gain experience while pursing their degree.  

Can I just take an activity or fitness class?

You can take an activity or group fitness class without pursuing a career in
sport or fitness. All activity classes are taught by experienced, certified
instructors who lead quality workouts to help you reach your fitness goals.  You
will also earn a college credit along the way.  

We offer a wide variety of classes [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/phys/]
including, but not limited to cardio kickboxing, Yoga, Pilates, water aerobics,
a variety of martial arts, weight training, HIIT and relaxation and meditation. 

Who do I contact to get started in the program?

Complete the admissions application or contact one of our faculty members for
more information: 

Gail Tait [taitga@cod.edu]
Advising area: Kinesiology/Fitness Instructor 
Phone: (630) 942-2587

Jane Vatchev [vatchev@cod.edu]
Advising area: Physical Education Teacher/Coach 
Phone: (630) 942-3329

Stephanie Vlach [vlachs@cod.edu]
Advising area: Sport Management
Phone: (630) 942-2629



Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

apple on book icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/education.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_7

Education



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Physical Education Program
[/academics/programs/physical-education/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/physical-education/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/physical-education/index.pcf]