https://www.cod.edu/student_life/leadership/orientation_leader/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

New Student Orientation Leaders
[/_resources/img/hero/orientation-leader-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Leadership
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/leadership/]Orientation Leader Program


ORIENTATION LEADER PROGRAM

Are you interested in earning a $700 scholarship, meeting new people, and
developing your leadership skills for the competitive job market? If so, we need
YOU to share your story and help create a fun and exciting experience for our
new students.

Applications to hire Orientation Leaders (OLs) for 2023 are now closed.


NEW STUDENT ORIENTATION

New Student Orientation [/admission/new_student_orientation/index.aspx] (NSO) is
a program dedicated to welcoming new students to College of DuPage and
encouraging them to get to know other students, faculty, staff, and our
wonderful campus. Our goal is to get new students excited about being a
Chaparral! We strive to help them learn about the opportunities available to
them as they begin their student life at College of DuPage.


NEW STUDENT ORIENTATION LEADERS

Orientation Leaders (OLs) are the face of the college. OLs serve as role models
as well as sources of support and information for new first time students at the
College of DuPage. OLs play a major role in facilitating the adjustment of new
students and their families to the College of DuPage community. They share
accurate information about academic, personal and social resources while working
collaboratively with faculty, staff and student workers from other areas on
campus. An OL's goal is to help make the transition easier and exciting for new
students. OLs represent the college in a positive, passionate, and professional
manner.


EXPECTATIONS INCLUDE

 * Attending and participating in all training, team-building sessions, and NSO
   days
 * Serving as an initial contact person to incoming students and their families
   at NSO
 * Facilitating group activities and social engagement with new students at
   orientation
 * Acting as a positive role-model and a resource person to new students
 * Completing set up, preparation, and event activities for NSO
 * Following up with students after NSO
 * Committing to completing required new student outreach hours (1-5 hours)
 * Completing Phase 1 of the Living Leadership Program (LLP)




FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

What are the requirements to become an Orientation Leader?

In order to be considered to become an Orientation Leader, you must be:

 * Currently enrolled at College of DuPage
 * A returning student the following Fall, enrolled in at least 6 credit hours
 * In good academic standing at COD, with a minimum GPA of 2.0
 * Able to work with students, faculty and professional staff
 * Excited to work in a team environment and being open to address groups of
   people
 * Positive, enthusiastic, and motivated to succeed
 * Committed to completing Phase 1 of the Living Leadership Program (includes
   completing Phase 1 Reflection Guides/Portfolio)

What are the benefits of becoming an Orientation Leader?

As an Orientation Leader, you will:

 * Complete Phase 1 of the Living Leadership Program (see "What is the Living
   Leadership Program and how will I complete Phase 1?" below for more
   information)
 * Gain exceptional experience in leadership, public speaking, active listening,
   and teamwork
 * Be part of a team and meet new friends
 * Participate in several group activities, including training and social
   activities
 * Develop connections with various faculty and staff while learning more about
   the college and its resources
 * Make a positive contribution to the community, as well as make the most of
   your college experience

What is the compensation for becoming an Orientation Leader?

Upon successful completion of the program, Orientation Leaders are awarded a
$700 scholarship and are eligible to receive letters of recommendation. In
addition, OLs receive a certificate for completing Phase 1 of the Living
Leadership Program.

Successful completion of the program requires attendance at all training dates
and New Student Orientation dates, fulfillment of Outreach Hours at the
beginning of the fall semester, and reflection through feedback forms and a
scholarship meeting. Failure to complete the program may result in total loss or
significant reduction of scholarship. 

What is the Living Leadership Program and how will I complete Phase 1?

The Living Leadership Program
[/student_life/leadership/living_leadership/index.aspx] is a free,
non-transcript certificate program at College of DuPage focused on developing
students into active leaders and positive change-makers. The program is divided
into 2 phases to meet the diverse needs of College of DuPage students.

Phase 1 introduces you to leadership and focuses on leading of self and others
through practical skill development workshops and involvement in campus life.
Students who complete Phase 1 are honored at the Annual Student Life Celebration
and Awards Ceremony in April. After completing the portfolio students are also
eligible to move on to Phase 2.

If you are selected to become an Orientation Leader, part of your commitment to
NSO and the OL program is completing Phase 1 of the Living Leadership Program.
The requirements for OLs completing Phase 1 are as follows:

 * Participate in the Orientation Leader Program
 * Complete 5 Leadership development workshops, including StrengthsQuest

What kind of training and development opportunities will there be?

Orientation Leader Trainings are designed to provide OL's with important skills
for NSO and life. OLs are trained in leadership development, team building,
creating lasting connections, diversity/inclusiveness, identifying strengths,
mental health awareness, and small group communication. OLs are required to
attend all trainings, orientation sessions, and complete new student outreach
hours prior to scheduling their individual scholarship meeting.


SPRING 2024 ORIENTATION DATES

Check back for dates.

If you have questions regarding the Orientation Leader Program,
email StudentLife.NSO@cod.edu [studentlife.nso@cod.edu].


CONTACT INFORMATION

New Student Orientation
(630) 942-2243
Email: studentlife@cod.edu [studentlife@cod.edu?subject=VNSO%20inquiry]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/leadership/orientation_leader/index.pcf]