https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/workforce_development/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students practicing in longterm care lab
[/_resources/img/hero/longtermlab-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Workforce
Development


WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT SERVICES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Workforce Development Inquiry
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/workforce_development/inquiry.aspx]
 * Career Coach
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/career-coach.aspx]

Workforce Development Services offers educational opportunities and support
services focused on the needs of the unemployed and underemployed residents in
the area as well as those seeking a career that requires specialized short-term
training, and/or a college certificate or degree. 


SERVICES AVAILABLE

 * Assistance in getting started at College of DuPage
 * Information on degree and certificate programs
 * Identifying the program of study that is right for you
 * Application fee waiver with proof of unemployment
 * Assistance with the WIOA training grant application process
 * Career assessments
 * Information on aid and resources available to unemployed and underemployed
   residents
 * Career counseling
 * Referrals to other College of DuPage services
   
   


WORKFORCE INNOVATION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT GRANT

The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) is a federally funded
program to assist unemployed and underemployed individuals in returning to the
workforce. This program includes a variety of job search services including the
WIOA training grant, which pays for individuals to receive
vocational/occupational training to minimize skill gaps and increase
marketability.

To qualify for the grant applicants must meet eligibility and suitability
criteria as determined by their local One-Stop Career Center. The local One-Stop
for DuPage County is workNet DuPage Career Center located in Lisle. For further
information visit their website at worknetdupage.org
[http://www.worknetdupage.org]. If you reside outside of DuPage county visit
llinoisworknet.com [http://www.illinoisworknet.com] to locate the Career Center
nearest you. 


WORKNET DUPAGE CAREER CENTER

College of DuPage employs a liaison to the workNet DuPage Career Center who is
knowledgeable in the WIOA training grant process and approved College of DuPage
programs. A Workforce Development Specialist can guide you through the process.
For your convenience Workforce Development Services are located in the same
building as workNet DuPage Career Center. 




WIOA APPROVED TRAINING PROGRAMS

To qualify for the WIOA training grant, the program of study must be WIOA
approved. Programs are in high demand occupations with self-sufficient wages.
College of DuPage offers over 150 WIOA approved degree and certificate programs.
A comprehensive list can be found on the Illinois Workforce Development System
website [https://apps.illinoisworknet.com/cis/wioatraining/provider/1000593].


PROGRAMS OFFERED

 * Health Care
 * Computer and Information Technology
 * Management
 * Computer and Information Science
 * Manufacturing Technology
 * Office Technology Information
 * Commercial Driver’s License


CONTACT INFORMATION

Adela Meitz, MS LCPC, Workforce Development and Student Resource Specialist
Workforce Development Services
2525 Cabot Drive, Suite 302
Lisle, Illinois 60532
(630) 942-2389
Email: meitza@cod.edu [meitza@cod.edu]

ICCB Advisory Committee Guidebook
[https://icsps.illinoisstate.edu/images/CTE/Advisory-Committee-Guidebook-Updated.pdf]

Discover A Career PathLearn More [http://www.findyourcalling.com/]


RESOURCES

 * COD's Community Resources Guide [/gateways/pdf/community-resources-guide.pdf]
 * 211 DuPage [https://211dupage.gov/]
 * FUEL Pantry: COD Student Food Pantry [/student_life/pantry/index.aspx]
 * Illinois workNet [http://www.illinoisworknet.com]
 * Illinois Department of Employment Security [https://ides.illinois.gov/]
 * Personal Counseling Resources
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/pdf/community-resources.pdf]
 * WIOA Approved Programs
   [https://apps.illinoisworknet.com/cis/wioatraining/provider/1000593]
 * workNet DuPage Career Center [http://www.worknetdupage.org]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/workforce_development/index.pcf]