https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Culinary Arts program [/_resources/img/hero/culinarytraditional-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Degree Programs


DEGREE PROGRAMS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
   * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/els/]
   * Kaplan International Tools for English Placement Test
     [/academics/programs/els/kite.aspx]
   * Studying with an F-1 Student Visa [/admission/international/index.aspx]
     * Admission Requirements
       [/admission/international/admissions-requirements.aspx]
     * Estimated Expenses [/admission/international/expenses.aspx]
     * English Proficiency [/admission/international/english_proficiency.aspx] 
     * Resources [/admission/international/resources.aspx]
   * Taking Classes for Your Career
     [/academics/programs/els/reading-writing.aspx]
   * Transferring Credits from Your Country
     [/records/international-transcript-evaluation.aspx]
 * Career and Technical Degree and Certificates
   [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
 * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
 * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
 * Learning Outcomes [/academics/programs/general-education-outcomes.aspx]
 * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
 * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
 * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * 3+1 Bachelor's Degree Programs [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx]
   * College Websites and Transfer Information
     [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]
   * Guaranteed Transfer Admission Programs
     [/academics/transfer/guaranteed-transfer-admission.aspx]
   * Program Agreements and Transfer Guides
     [/academics/transfer/programs/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Transfer [/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx]
   * Transfer Application Checklist
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx]
   * Transfer Events and College Visits [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx]
   * Transfer Resources [/academics/transfer/resources.aspx]
   * Transfer Scholarship Opportunities
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-scholarship-opportunities.aspx]

College of DuPage offers seven degrees. Degrees are awarded at the close of each
semester. When a student completes all requirements for a degree, the completion
date is recorded on the student's permanent academic record. The requirements
for each degree are recommended by the faculty and approved by the president of
the College.


DEGREES

 1. The Associate in Arts degree (A.A.)
    [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-arts-degree/]
    represents the first two years of study for students who plan to pursue a
    Bachelor of Arts degree.
 2. The Associate in Science degree (A.S.)
    [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-science-degree/]
    represents the first two years of study for students who plan to pursue a
    Bachelor of Science degree.
 3. The Associate in Engineering Science degree (A.E.S.)
    [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-engineering-science-degree/]
    is intended for students who wish to prepare for transfer to a
    baccalaureate-granting school in the field of engineering.
 4. The Associate in Applied Science degree (A.A.S.)
    [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-applied-science-degree/]
    represents the completion of study in a career and technical education
    program. Students earning this degree may seek employment following
    graduation or transfer to a baccalaureate-granting college or university
    that has articulation agreements with College of DuPage for these programs
    of study.
 5. The Associate in General Studies degree (A.G.S.)
    [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-general-studies-degree/]
    is designed for students who desire to arrange a program of courses to meet
    their personal interests.
 6. The Associate in Fine Arts degree in Art (A.F.A.)
    [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-fine-arts-degree-art/]
    is intended for students who wish to prepare for transfer to a
    baccalaureate-granting school with a Bachelor in Fine Arts program.
 7. The Associate in Fine Arts degree in Music (A.F.A.)
    [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-fine-arts-degree-music/]
    is intended for students who wish to prepare for transfer to a
    baccalaureate-granting school with a Bachelor in Music program.


GRADUATION REQUIREMENTS FOR ALL ASSOCIATE'S DEGREES

Students are subject to the degree requirements that are in effect during the
academic year in which they originally enroll, as well as subsequent applicable
changes. Some state certification programs may require students to be subject to
the most current requirements. It is the responsibility of the student to verify
the appropriate degree requirements with a counselor or advisor and the Records
office. 

Each candidate for a degree shall:

 1. Complete the minimum required number of credits in courses numbered 1000 or
    above (or equivalent) as specified for each degree. The Associate in Arts,
    Associate in Science, Associate in General Studies, and Associate in Fine
    Arts-Music degrees require a minimum of 64 credit hours. The Associate in
    Engineering Science degree requires a minimum of 68 credit hours. The
    Associate in Fine Arts-Art degree requires a minimum of 61 credit hours. 
 2. Possess a minimum 2.00 ("C") average in the combined grade point average of
    all College of DuPage courses numbered 1000 and above and all courses
    accepted for transfer from other institutions.
 3. Complete a minimum of 20 applicable credits toward a degree at College of
    DuPage.
 4. File an Application for Degree or Certificate completion no sooner that one
    semester before the anticipated completion date. Run a degree audit online
    to check the progress towards a degree.
 5. Satisfy all financial obligations and other specific requirements.
 6. Be in good academic standing at the time final credits for the degree are
    earned.


GENERAL EDUCATION STUDENT LEARNING OUTCOMES

In 2009 COD faculty approved a set of General Education Student Learning
Outcomes [/academics/programs/general-education-outcomes.aspx] which they later
modified and reaffirmed in 2018
[/academics/programs/general-education-outcomes.aspx] for students enrolled in
all associate degree programs. General Education refers to a broad body of
knowledge and skills common to all educated people, regardless of their
profession. A strong general education curriculum includes courses in the arts;
the humanities which include literature, history, philosophy and foreign
languages; mathematics, natural sciences and the social sciences. 


ASSOCIATE DEGREE AREAS OF STUDY

 * Accounting [/academics/programs/accounting/index.aspx]
 * Air Conditioning (See HVAC)
 * Aviation Management [/academics/programs/aviation/index.aspx]
 * American Sign Language Interpreting
   [/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/index.aspx]
 * Anthropology [/academics/programs/anthropology/index.aspx]
 * Architecture [/academics/programs/architecture/index.aspx]
 * Art [/academics/programs/arts/index.aspx]
 * Automotive Service Technology [/academics/programs/autotech/index.aspx]
 * Baking and Pastry Arts
   [/academics/programs/culinary/baking-pastry-arts/index.aspx]
 * Biology [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Botany (Biology) [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Business [/academics/programs/business/index.aspx]
 * Chemistry [/academics/programs/chemistry/index.aspx]
 * Clinical Laboratory Science
   [/academics/programs/clinical-laboratory-science/index.aspx]
 * Computer and Information Science [/academics/programs/cis/index.aspx]
 * Computer and Information Technology [/academics/programs/cit/index.aspx]
 * Construction Management
   [/academics/programs/architecture/construction-management.aspx]
 * Cosmetology [/academics/programs/cosmetology/index.aspx]
 * Criminal Justice (see Criminal and Justice Studies)
 * Culinary Arts [/academics/programs/culinary/culinary-arts/index.aspx]
 * Cybersecurity and Defense [/academics/programs/cyber-defense/index.aspx]
 * Dental Hygiene [/academics/programs/dental/index.aspx]
 * Early Childhood Education and Care [/academics/programs/ecec/index.aspx]
 * Earth Science [/academics/programs/earth_science/index.aspx]
 * Economics [/academics/programs/economics/index.aspx]
 * Education [/academics/programs/teacher-prep/index.aspx]
 * Electro-Mechanical Technology
   [/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/index.aspx]
 * Electronics Technology
   [/academics/programs/electronics-technology/index.aspx]
 * Engineering [/academics/programs/engineering/index.aspx]
 * English [/academics/programs/english/index.aspx]
 * Fashion Studies [/academics/programs/fashion/index.aspx]
 * Fire Science [/academics/programs/fire/index.aspx]
 * Geography [/academics/programs/geography/index.aspx]
 * Graphic Design [/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.aspx]
 * Health Information Technology
   [/academics/programs/health-information/index.aspx]
 * Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning & Refrigeration
   [/academics/programs/hvacr/index.aspx]
 * History [/academics/programs/history/index.aspx]
 * Horticulture [/academics/programs/horticulture/index.aspx]
 * Hospitality Management & Tourism
   [/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/index.aspx]
 * Human Services [/academics/programs/human-services/index.aspx]
 * Humanities [/academics/programs/humanities/index.aspx]
 * Integrated Engineering Technology
   [/academics/programs/integrated-engineering/index.aspx]
 * Interactive Media [/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.aspx]
 * Interior Design [/academics/programs/interior-design/index.aspx]
 * Criminal and Justice Studies [/academics/programs/justice-studies/index.aspx]
   (Criminal Justice)
 * Languages [/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
 * Library and Information Technology
   [/academics/programs/library-technology/index.aspx]
 * Management [/academics/programs/business/management.aspx]
 * Manufacturing Technology [/academics/programs/manufacturing/index.aspx]
 * Marketing [/academics/programs/business/marketing.aspx]
 * Mass Communications [/academics/programs/mass-communication/index.aspx]
 * Mathematics [/academics/programs/math/index.aspx]
 * Medical Assistant [/academics/programs/medical-assistant/index.aspx]
 * Motion Picture/Television [/academics/programs/mptv/index.aspx]
 * Music [/academics/programs/music/index.aspx]
 * Nursing (Pre-BSN) [/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx]
 * Office Technology Information [/academics/programs/ofti/index.aspx]
 * Ophthalmic Technician [/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/index.aspx]
 * Paralegal Studies [/academics/programs/paralegal/index.aspx]
 * Philosophy [/academics/programs/philosophy/index.aspx]
 * Photography [/academics/programs/photography/index.aspx]
 * Physical Education, Fitness, and Sport Studies
   [/academics/programs/physical-education/index.aspx]
 * Physical Therapist Assistant
   [/academics/programs/physical-therapist/index.aspx]
 * Physics [/academics/programs/physics/index.aspx]
 * Political Science [/academics/programs/political-science/index.aspx]
 * Pre-Dentistry [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Pre-Medicine [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Pre-Pharmacy [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Pre-Physical Therapy [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Pre-Veterinary [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Psychology [/academics/programs/psychology/index.aspx]
 * Radiography [/academics/programs/radiography/index.aspx]
 * Religious Studies [/academics/programs/philosophy/index.aspx]
 * Respiratory Care [/academics/programs/respiratory-care/index.aspx]
 * Restaurant Management
   [/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/restaurant-management.aspx]
 * Social Science/Sociology [/academics/programs/sociology/index.aspx]
 * Sonography [/academics/programs/sonography/index.aspx]
 * Speech Communication [/academics/programs/speech-communication/index.aspx]
 * Speech Language Pathology Assistant [/academics/programs/slpa/index.aspx]
 * Surgical Technology [/academics/programs/surgical-tech/index.aspx]
 * Teacher Preparation [/academics/programs/teacher-prep/index.aspx]
 * Theater [/academics/programs/theater/index.aspx]
 * Travel & Tourism (See Hospitality & Tourism)
 * Welding [/academics/programs/welding/index.aspx]
 * Zoology (Biology) [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]

 
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019-clone&action=de&path=/academics/programs/degree_programs.pcf]