https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

College of DuPage Engage
[/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engage_web_masthead.jpeg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Office of the
President [https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/]Engage: College of
DuPage, your community college
[https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/]


ENGAGE VOLUME 1, NUMBER 2

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 3
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no3.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 3, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx]

Welcome to the second issue of Engage.
[/about/office_of_the_president/engage/pdf/engagev1-2.pdf]

In this second issue of Engage, you will learn about some of the entrepreneurial
people, programs, and partnerships that set College of DuPage apart. This kind
of innovative spirit benefits not only our students, but also our community, its
companies, its nonprofit organizations and—most important—the people who live
and work here. In some cases, our entrepreneurial graduates are also helping
people around the world.

When many people think of higher education, especially community colleges, they
imagine instructors sharing a fixed set of information that leads to a degree or
certificate. At College of DuPage, we do that, of course, but just as often, we
instill analytical thinking, creativity, problem solving and other tools that
lead to invention and reinvention over time.

The word “entrepreneurship” is most often associated with the business world,
but virtually every profession requires entrepreneurial thinking. Organizations,
technology and society change quickly. So our nonprofits, our small businesses,
our arts organizations, our major corporations, our health companies and our
government—all must be innovative and entrepreneurial.

At College of DuPage, we help make innovation happen through resources and
collaboration, such as our Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation DuPage.

We bring innovative faculty members to the classroom—people with real-world
experience who have reinvented themselves in their working lives.

Finally, we spark imagination, broaden experiences and encourage
entrepreneurship among our students. That, after all, is the best way we know to
launch new organizations, boost existing ones, and help support job growth
throughout the district we serve.

We hope you enjoy this inside look at the innovation you make possible through
College of DuPage.

View Engage Vol. 1, No. 2
[/about/office_of_the_president/engage/pdf/engagev1-2.pdf]


RELATED AREAS OF INTEREST

 * Massage Therapy Clinic
   [/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/health-wellness/massage/massage_clinic.aspx]
 * Center for Entrepreneurship [/business-development-center/index.aspx]
 * Business, Marketing and Management program
   [/academics/programs/business/index.aspx]
 * Maker Market
   [/academics/programs/business/emerging-entrepreneurs/maker-market.aspx]
 * Emerging Entrepreneurs
   [/academics/programs/business/emerging-entrepreneurs/index.aspx]
 * Innovation DuPage [https://innovationdupage.org/]


SPOTLIGHTS

 * Jim Elliott [/about/stories/students/elliott_jim.aspx]
 * Peter James [/about/stories/faculty/james.aspx]
 * Shannon Toler [/about/stories/faculty/toler.aspx]
 * Jordan Guide [/about/stories/students/guide.aspx]
 * Ben Chernivsky [/about/stories/students/chernivsky.aspx]
 * Laura Pekarik [/about/stories/students/pekarik.aspx]

Back to Engage Home [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/index.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.pcf]