https://www.cod.edu/academics/learning_commons/facts-for-faculty.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

faculty interacting at in-service day event
[/_resources/img/hero/faculty-group-interaction-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Learning
Commons [https://www.cod.edu/academics/learning_commons/]Facts For Faculty


FACTS FOR FACULTY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Mathematics Assistance
   [/academics/learning_commons/mathematics-assistance/index.aspx]
   * Do It Yourself (DIY) Reviews
     [/academics/learning_commons/mathematics-assistance/diy-reviews.aspx]
   * Final Exam Review Sessions
     [/academics/learning_commons/mathematics-assistance/final-exam-review-sessions.aspx]
   * Learning Commons Hours [/academics/learning_commons/hours.aspx]
   * Math Workshops [/academics/learning_commons/workshops/index.aspx]
     * Beginning of Semester Success Workshops
       [/academics/learning_commons/workshops/beginning-of-semester-success.aspx]
   * Online Assistance
     [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/blackboard-collaborate.aspx]
   * Placement Test Review
     [/academics/learning_commons/resources/placement-test-review.aspx]
 * Tutoring [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/index.aspx]
   * Drop-In Tutoring
     [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/drop-in-tutoring.aspx]
   * Learning Commons Hours [/academics/learning_commons/hours.aspx]
   * Learning Commons Workshops
     [/academics/learning_commons/workshops/index.aspx]
   * Online Assistance
     [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/blackboard-collaborate.aspx]
   * Student Success Resources
     [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/student-success-resources.aspx]
   * Tutoring Course List
     [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/tutoring-course-list.aspx]
   * Tutoring Request Form
     [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/tutoring-services-request.aspx]
 * Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance
   [/academics/learning_commons/writing/index.aspx]
   * Accessibility, Antiracism, Inclusivity Resources
     [/academics/learning_commons/resources/accessibility-antiracism-inclusivity.aspx]
   * ELA/ELS Services
     [/academics/learning_commons/writing/ela-els-services.aspx]
   * Learning Commons Hours [/academics/learning_commons/hours.aspx]
   * Learning Commons Videos [/academics/learning_commons/resources/videos.aspx]
   * Writing Resources
     [/academics/learning_commons/writing/writing-resources/index.aspx]
     * Citing Sources: Common Knowledge
       [/academics/learning_commons/writing/writing-resources/common-knowledge.aspx]
     * Integrating APA Citations
       [/academics/learning_commons/writing/writing-resources/integrating-apa-citations.aspx]
     * Integrating MLA Citations
       [/academics/learning_commons/writing/writing-resources/integrating-mla-citations.aspx]
   * Mini Module Workshops [https://sites.google.com/view/wrsaminimodules/home]
 * Hours [/academics/learning_commons/hours.aspx]
 * Resources [/academics/learning_commons/resources/index.aspx]
   * Antiracism and Inclusivity
     [/academics/learning_commons/resources/accessibility-antiracism-inclusivity.aspx]
   * Facts for Faculty [/academics/learning_commons/facts-for-faculty.aspx]
   * Neurodiverse Learners
     [/academics/learning_commons/resources/neurodiverse-learners.aspx]
   * Students with Accommodations
     [/academics/learning_commons/resources/students-with-accommodations.aspx]
   * Placement Test Review
     [/academics/learning_commons/resources/placement-test-review.aspx]
   * Videos [/academics/learning_commons/resources/videos.aspx]

Located in the Student Resource Center (SRC) 2102 on the Glen Ellyn campus, the
Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx] offers math
assistance, tutoring services and writing, reading, speech assistance.

Students can receive tutoring support in-person and online at the Learning
Commons located in the Student Resource Center (SRC) 2102 on the Glen Ellyn
campus. Testing and support services are also available at the COD Centers
in Addison [/about/visitor-information/centers/addison.aspx], Carol Stream
[/about/visitor-information/centers/carolstream.aspx], Naperville
[/about/visitor-information/centers/naperville.aspx] and Westmont
[/about/visitor-information/centers/westmont.aspx] along with computers,
printing, Wi-Fi, college library website assistance and study space. Hours vary
by service and location. [/academics/learning_commons/hours.aspx]


HOW THE LEARNING COMMONS CAN SUPPORT YOU

Schedule a Learning Commons Class Tour

It can be beneficial to bring your students to the Learning Commons to learn
about the academic assistance available to them. The following options are
available:

Option A (10-15 minutes):

 * In-person: Class visit in your classroom to briefly describe the resources
   available in the Learning Commons, focusing on those most beneficial to your
   class.
 * Virtual: Virtual visit to your class via Blackboard Collaborate, Zoom or your
   preferred online platform to briefly describe the resources available with
   the Learning Commons, focusing on those most beneficial to your class.

Option B (20-45 minutes):

 * In-person only: Class visit to the Learning Commons in SRC 2102. Learning
   Commons staff will provide information about the resources available in the
   Learning Commons with a focus on those particularly beneficial to your class.
   Time permitting this visit may also include playing an interactive game which
   reinforces the information and/or a quick tour of the Learning Commons (SRC
   2102).
 * In-person or virtual: Class visit in your classroom or via Zoom to describe
   the resources available in the Learning Commons with a focus on those
   particularly beneficial to your class

Option C (30-45 minutes):

 * Share with your students the Learning Commons informational video
   [https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=4265837&node=14384313&a=1059372894&autoplay=1].
   A follow-up visit (in-person or virtual) from one of our staff to provide
   additional details and answer questions may also be scheduled and is
   recommended.

Schedule a Learning Commons Virtual Class Visit
A Learning Commons staff member can attend your online class session to inform
your students about the academic assistance opportunities available to them.
These informational sessions can be tailored to fit the delivery format and time
you have available. To schedule a virtual visit, email Angel Nance
at nancea@cod.edu
[nancea@cod.edu?subject=Learning%20Commons%20In-Class%20Visit].
Schedule an In-Class Mini Module

Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance has a variety of interactive modules, or
workshops, to support the goals and course objectives of instructors across all
areas of study at College of DuPage. These workshops
[https://sites.google.com/view/wrsaminimodules/home], available on campus
[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScHv1bRA8Aj-6YH7t902-CkfLSpfbjRQ7isXH4rZ6VhIIYvaw/viewform]
and through Zoom
[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf2XKZHAgpQg46IWj--VBMZt01jQ0O08D2fCVFP3s41oC6Eiw/viewform],
are designed to focus on different aspects of writing, reading, multi-modal
assignments, and public speaking and are 50-75 minutes long depending on the
workshop/instructor's needs.

These modules are designed to: 

 * Focus on discrete aspects of writing, reading, and public speaking.
 * Be interactive by asking students to participate in guided work.
 * Be adaptable to specific course materials.
 * Support the daily activities instructors and students engage in.
 * Align with specific course objectives and broader learning outcomes.
 * Be adaptable to courses for non-native speakers. 
 * Be 50-75 minutes long depending on the workshop/instructor's needs.

If you are interested in scheduling a Mini Module 
[https://sites.google.com/view/wrsaminimodules/home]or if you want to know more
[https://sites.google.com/view/wrsaminimodules/f-a-q-s] about them, call (630)
942-3355 or email benbow-niemierg@cod.edu
[benbow-niemierg@cod.edu?subject=Website%20response%20-%20mini%20module]. 

 * What to Expect in a Zoom Mini Module [https://youtu.be/w-NtLXdSgWA]

Include the Learning Commons in Your Syllabus

The Learning Commons invites you to use the following verbiage (copy and paste
into your syllabus) as you see fit to inform your students about the academic
assistance opportunities available to them:

Math Assistance Area:
Math Assistance provides one-on-one, drop-in tutoring sessions with degreed STEM
professionals in-person and online for math, physics, chemistry and CIS
courses.  Visit us in the Learning Commons (SRC2102), call (630) 942-3339, email
mathassistancearea@cod.edu [mathassistancearea@cod.edu], or find us on
Blackboard. Scroll down to the Learning Commons: Math Assistance box and click
"Math Assistance Live
[https://bb.cod.edu/ultra/organizations/_238577_1/cl/outline]". For more
information about our services, visit Math Assistance
[/academics/learning_commons/mathematics-assistance/index.aspx]. 

Tutoring Services:
Tutoring Services offers free course-based and study  strategy tutoring to
currently enrolled COD students.  Most appointments and drop-ins take place in
the Learning Commons in the Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 2102.  Other
tutoring services occur elsewhere on main campus or online.  For online
assistance, click "Assist [https://bb.cod.edu/ultra/integration/bbAssist]",
click "Try it Out [https://bb.cod.edu/ultra/organizations/_267787_1/cl/outline]"
in the Online Tutoring box. For more information or to make an appointment,
visit Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 2102, call (630) 942-3686, email
tutoring@cod.edu [tutoring@cod.edu], or visit Tutoring Services
[/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/index.aspx].

Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance for any class:
Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance (WRSA) in the Learning Commons provides
coaching sessions for College of DuPage students who are working on assignments
in any academic discipline. We help students develop and strengthen writing,
reading, and presentation skills and strategies.  Appointments are available
face-to-face, online, or through email.  For more information or to make an
appointment, visit Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 2102, call (630)
942-3355, email wrsa@cod.edu, [wrsa@cod.edu,] or visit Writing, Reading, Speech
Assistance [https://cod.edu/academics/learning_commons/writing/index.aspx].  

Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance for ELS/ELA classes:
Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance (WRSA) in the Learning Commons offers the
opportunity for students to practice their English skills.  Students are
encouraged to have a session with a Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance coach to
get assistance with their reading, writing, or presentation assignments, as well
as to improve their English speaking/conversation skills.  For more information
or to make an appointment, visit Student Resource Center (SRC) Room 2102, call
(630) 942-3355, email wrsa@cod.edu, [wrsa@cod.edu,] or visit Learning Commons
ELA/ELS Services [/academics/learning_commons/writing/ela-els-services.aspx].  

Learn About Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance Services


IN-PERSON COACHING

In-person coaching allows your students to receive assistance on assignments in
any academic discipline. We help students develop and strengthen writing,
reading, conversation, and presentation skills, while providing strategies which
will enable them to work more independently.

Face-to-face in-person assistance is available in the Learning Commons (SRC
2102) on the Glen Ellyn campus. Our coaches are both peer coaches and
professional coaches. Students may create an account (a one-time registration
that’s good for the student’s time at COD) and schedule an appointment.

Students can: 

 * Call (630) 942-3355, email (wrsa@cod.edu [wrsa@cod.edu?subject=]), schedule
   online (cod.mywconline.com [https://cod.mywconline.com/]), or walk-in
   (dependent on coach availability) to schedule an appointment.
 * Schedule appointments up to two weeks in advance.
 * Join a wait list for their desired time/coach. If an appointment opening
   becomes available, the student will be notified via text or email. Once
   notified, it is the student’s responsibility to schedule the appointment.
   Appointments are scheduled on a first come, first served basis.
 * Make three reading, three writing, three ELS conversation, and three speech
   appointments per week, (but no more than a total of two appointments of
   different types per day). ELA students can have up to three “ELA Support”
   appointments per week. 
 * Schedule four sessions per week for each type of appointment if they are
   connected with Access & Accommodations.
 * Cancel their own appointments online at any time.

To make the most of WRSA visits, your students should:

 * Come early in the semester and come often!
 * Bring a copy of the assignment instructions, rubric, draft, or any other
   materials they have.
 * Know what they would like to work on.
 * Plan enough time for revision.
 * Be prepared with questions to ask their coach.


ONLINE COACHING

Online coaching allows your students to receive assistance on assignments in any
academic discipline. We help students develop and strengthen writing, reading,
conversation, and presentation skills, while providing strategies which will
enable them to work more independently.

To receive face-to-face online assistance, students must create an account (a
one-time registration that’s good for the student’s time at COD) and schedule an
appointment by following these directions: Scheduling an Online Appointment with
WRSA [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF1--zOOK0Q].

Students can: 

 * Call (630) 942-3355, email (wrsa@cod.edu [wrsa@cod.edu?subject=]), schedule
   online (cod.mywconline.com [https://cod.mywconline.com/]), or walk-in
   (dependent on coach availability) to schedule an appointment.
 * Schedule appointments up to two weeks in advance.
 * Join a wait list for their desired time/coach. If an appointment opening
   becomes available, the student will be notified via text or email. Once
   notified, it is the student’s responsibility to schedule the appointment.
   Appointments are scheduled on a first come, first served basis.
 * Make three reading, three writing, three ELS conversation, and three speech
   appointments per week, (but no more than a total of two appointments of
   different types per day). ELA students can have up to three “ELA Support”
   appointments per week. 
 * Schedule four sessions per week for each type of appointment if they are
   connected with Access & Accommodations.
 * Cancel their own appointments online at any time.

To make the most of online WRSA visits, your students should:

 * Click the red “Start or Join Online Consultation” link in their appointment
   box to open the online consultation module.
 * Be prepared to meet with their coach in an online module, similar to FaceTime
   or Skype.
 * Enable their camera and microphone if possible. 
 * Have any written work ready to be shared on the white board feature.
 * Prepare questions to ask their coach.


EMAIL COACHING

Email coaching allows your students to receive a written reply from a coach who
will be able to spend up to 45 minutes reading and responding to each student’s
original written draft or outline. Coaches will not edit or correct a draft but
will respond in writing and:

 * Acknowledge the student as a writer, a writer with something to say.
 * Engage with the content of the writing—not just with the way the content is
   presented or formalized.
 * Acknowledge what the writer thinks they are doing well before moving to the
   questions.
 * Respond to questions by entering into a reader-writer dialogue with students
   that focuses on the coach's understanding of what is on the page.
 * Avoid directives when possible to help students take control of their writing
   decisions.
 * Ask questions about meaning as a way to help students think about revisions
   and corrections.
 * Acknowledge this is a draft in process and that is OK. The submission form
   asks students to gauge where they are in their writing process, so coaches
   have a better idea what students’ notions are about their drafts.
 * Point out error patterns and provide explanations via templates and web
   resources.

When students submit their drafts, we ask them to:

 1.  Describe something they are doing well or that is going well in their
    draft.
 2. Write questions they have about their draft to guide the coach’s initial
    reading/response.
 3. Include the assignment as an attachment or as a detailed description, so we
    understand what their and your goals are for the writing.
 4. Acknowledge the work is wholly theirs.

Our goals are to engage students in thinking and writing about their drafts, to
help them learn to be better writers, and to provide an interested and
knowledgeable audience for their work. Please note, students who are enrolled in
ELS writing classes should be encouraged to schedule face-to-face appointments
instead of email coaching. 


GOREACT® COACHING

GoReact® coaching allows your students to improve their speeches/presentations
by including WRSA GoReact® coaching as either a required or extra credit
assignment in your class. (If you truly want students to do this, make it a
requirement!) GoReact® coaching enables a WRSA coach to interact directly with
your students through GoReact® by providing them individualized performance
feedback directly in GoReact®. It's an effective and empowering way for students
to improve their skills and for you to get added teaching support!

One student offered this feedback on her GoReact® WRSA coaching experience:

"The WRSA coach gave me detailed feedback on my draft speech. They were very
supportive and helpful in pointing out some mistakes. After receiving that
feedback, I made changes to my speech based off those recommendations. I would
tell my peers to use this service."

Next, set up GoReact® coaching in 6 simple steps:

 1. Be sure that your course shell includes your last name (Morgan SP1100-NET25
    SU21) so that our coaches can identify the correct section (there are MANY
    sections).
 2. Set up the assignment for GoReact® coaching in your GoReact® course shell
    (i.e. Informative Practice Speech).
 3. Invite wrsa@cod.ed [wrsa@cod.ed?subject=]u to your particular section in
    GoReact® as a “reviewer.” Here is the link to GoReact's® instructions to
    Invite Users. Click on "Invite individual users.”
 4. Explain the difference between a speech appointment in WRSA (synchronous)
    and a GoReact® appointment and the coaching process to students
    (asynchronous).
 5. Prepare students to register for the WRSA and schedule a GoReact®
    appointment: Six minute Video with Instructions on How to Register with WRSA
    and Schedule a GoReact® appointment
    [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-XoVOLeeWE].
 6. Remind the students that once they schedule the GoReact® appointment, they
    do NOT need to show up to the appointment. The coaches will leave time
    stamped feedback directly in their draft in GoReact®. Students WILL need to
    go back to the assignment AFTER the date of their appointment to see their
    feedback.

If you are interested in having a WRSA coach visit your class for a short
orientation, please reach out to Margaret Hernandez (hernandezm137@cod.edu
[hernandezm137@cod.edu?subject=]) in WRSA


SPEECH APPOINTMENT TYPES

 * Speech/Presentation:
   * Topic ideas
   * Oral citations
   * Effective visual aids
   * Outline organization
   * Presentation practice
   * Speech apprehension
   * Practice in the Speech Studio [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGd6VgNepWw]
 * Students can meet with a coach on campus or online.
 * GoReact:  
   * Timestamped feedback in GoReact® on content including:
   * Oral citations
   * Transitions
   * Supporting material
   * Credibility and logic
   * Effective visual aids DELIVERY including: 
   * Rate and volume
   * Inflection
   * Gestures
   * Eye contact
   * Use of visual aids
 * Students will not meet with coaches during the scheduled appointment time.
 * Speech Outline/Email Asynchronous:
   * Organization of outline
   * Works Cited/References
 * Students Will not meet with coaches during the scheduled appointment time. 

Learn More About Email Coaching for Writing

Our goals are to engage students in thinking and writing about their drafts, to
help them learn to be better writers, and to provide an interested and
knowledgeable audience for their work. Note , students who are enrolled in ELS
writing classes should be encouraged to schedule face-to-face appointments
instead of email coaching.

We are happy to talk with you about ways of incorporating email coaching into
your online curriculum. Note: Full class uploads must be pre-arranged with
Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance (WRSA) to staff readers accordingly. Please
reach out if you have any questions at all.

In order for students to submit a draft, they will need to register with
Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance (WRSA) by following the instructions on the
WRSA webpage.

Set up a Guided Study Group (GSG)

Guided Study Groups are group tutoring sessions specific to a course section.
They are initiated by instructor request. The instructor meets with the tutor
for one hour a week to prepare materials for that week's session. To set up a
Guided Study Group for your course call (630) 942-3686 or email tutoring@cod.edu
[tutoring@cod.edu?subject=Guided%20Study%20Group].

Recommend a New Peer Tutor

Tutoring begins interviewing potential peer tutors for the next semester around
midterms (ex: Spring tutors interview in October) and finalizes the candidates
about a month before the term ends. Because all tutors must be thoroughly vetted
and trained before they can officially work, the hiring process can take a
while; we suggest sending us the names of your recommendations as soon as
possible to ensure the student can be considered for the upcoming term. Be sure
to ask the student if they are interested in the job before suggesting them!

To recommend a tutor, email tutoring@cod.edu [tutoring@cod.edu].

Adding the Learning Commons to Your Blackboard

Share great assistance opportunities with your students by adding a Learning
Commons link to your Blackboard shell. Contact the Learning Commons if you would
like an electronic version of any of the Learning Commons flyers to post in your
blackboard shell. 

Explore Off Campus Academic Services

Learn about the academic assistance opportunities available off campus for you
and your students.

 * Addison Learning Commons [/about/visitor-information/centers/addison.aspx]
 * Carol Stream Learning Commons
   [/about/visitor-information/centers/carolstream.aspx]
 * Naperville Learning Commons
   [/about/visitor-information/centers/naperville.aspx]
 * Westmont Learning Commons [/about/visitor-information/centers/westmont.aspx]

WRSA makes my life easier. When I have highly apprehensive students visit WRSA,
they have another encounter with an expert who wants them to do well on their
speech, knows how to prepare them to be successful on their speech, and knows
how to decrease their anxiety.

S. Mia Poston, Ph. D.


QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, SUGGESTIONS

Let us know how we are doing. Send us an email, give us a call (630) 942-3941,
or stop by SRC 2102 if you have a suggestion on how we can better assist your
students. 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/learning_commons/facts-for-faculty.pcf]