https://www.cod.edu/hsti/live-events/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Homeland Security Training Institute
   [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png]/hsti/index.aspx

 * HSTI Live [/hsti/live-events/index.aspx]
 * Classes [/hsti/classes/index.aspx]
 * Live Online Training Courses [/hsti/online_training.aspx]
 * HSTI Membership for Law Enforcement [/hsti/membership.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/hsti/faculty.aspx]
 * Facilities [/hsti/facilities.aspx]

Homeland Security Training Institute
[/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png] Homeland Security Training
Institute [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png] /hsti/index.aspx Menu
 * HSTI Live [/hsti/live-events/index.aspx]
 * Classes [/hsti/classes/index.aspx]
 * Live Online Training Courses [/hsti/online_training.aspx]
 * HSTI Membership for Law Enforcement [/hsti/membership.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/hsti/faculty.aspx]
 * Facilities [/hsti/facilities.aspx]

Gun range photo [/_resources/img/hero/indoor-hsti-htc-gunrange-heroimage.jpg]
Homeland Security Training Institute (HSTI) [https://www.cod.edu/hsti/]Live
Events


HSTI LIVE


ACTIVE SHOOTER: AWARENESS, PREVENTION AND DE-ESCALATION

Our discussion will focus on a guide to preventing violence through
strengthening awareness. Discuss the techniques used by experts to identify and
mitigate unpredictable and rapidly evolving negative human behavior. Plan and
prepare how to identify and respond to the next active shooter. Learn about
tools to de-escalate a violent situation. Past event - not available for later
viewing due to topics and cases discussed. Learn More
[/hsti/live-events/hsti-live-active-shoote-awareness-prevention-de-escalation.aspx]


BUILDING AND ENHANCING YOUR DRONE PROGRAM

As unmanned aerial vehicle technology advances, so do opportunities for
more-efficient, safer emergency response in your communities.

Emergency Services and First Responders play a critical role in keeping the
public safe. Watch and listen how to develop an essential drone program within
your agency from experts in the field, who have experience using drones to
fulfill their missions. Learn how drone technology is being used across many
different first responder organizations. See how cutting-edge Drone Technology
is being used as a vital tool to enhance Public Safety.

Our presenters share real-time data gathering during in-progress service calls,
birds-eye night video at a fire scene, explain how drones can protect your team
and community members and gain you precious time and insight right when and
where you need it. Register to view the archived Building and Enhancing Your
Drone Program webinar. [/hsti/live-events/hsti-live-drone.aspx]


SOFT TARGET HARDENING: FROM THEORY TO PRACTICE

This HSTI Live Event will challenge your existing security measures to see if
they rise to meet current and emergent threats. We will provide prescriptive
information, tools and best practice information to assist. We plan to ask tough
questions about your approach to safety and security. What proactive measures do
you take to protect your employees and your workplace? What systems are in place
to protect infrastructure and people from attack? What are your emergency plans
and how familiar are employees with procedures? Is there appropriate crisis
response training and programmed drills? Register to view the archived Soft
Target Hardening: From Theory to Practice webinar
[/hsti/live-events/hsti-live-soft-target-theory.aspx].


NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY ACTIVE SHOOTER INCIDENT: A FIRST RESPONDERS
PERSPECTIVE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT AND CAMPUS POLICE DEPARTMENTS

This four-hour seminar will examine the February 14, 2008, shooting that took
place on the Northern Illinois University Campus. Steven Kazmierczak shot
multiple people on the campus of Northern Illinois University in DeKalb,
Illinois killing five people and injuring another twenty-one, before committing
suicide. Listen to the first responders as they discuss the initial response,
the investigation and the aftermath of this incident. Register to view the
archived NIU Active Shooter Incident webinar
[/hsti/live-events/hsti-live-niu-active-shooter.aspx].


DOMESTIC TERRORISM: THE LONE WOLF THREAT

This informative and interactive workshop will explore one of the greatest
domestic terrorism threats within the United States: Lone Actor Terrorism. This
workshop will also provide an open discussion with a panel of experts regarding
how communities, businesses, churches, schools and law enforcement agencies can
engage to prevent lone wolf attacks in the future. Register to view the
archived Domestic Terrorism: The Lone Wolf Threat webinar
[/hsti/live-events/hsti-live-domestic-terrorism.aspx].


COUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM

This HSTI Live event examines this phenomenon and provides ideas on minimizing
the effects of this type of ideology within the United States. Recent real-life
case studies enables viewers to recognize the motivations of individuals who may
be on the verge of terrorist involvement. Additionally, the course will
incorporate the identification of extremist imagery and how the sophisticated
use of the Internet, specifically through social networks such as Facebook and
Twitter, assists in solidifying support for insurgent operations at home and
abroad. Register to view the archived Countering Violent Extremism webinar
[/hsti/live-events/hsti-live-countering-violent-extremism.aspx].


SOFT TARGET HARDENING: KEEPING COMMUNITIES SAFE

In this webinar, soft targets will be examined, as well as the vulnerabilities
that they posses. Methodologies for planning and hardening against attacks on
these targets will be reviewed in order to allow attendees to go back to their
communities and incorporate these methodologies into their community. Register
to view the archived Soft Target Hardening: Keeping Communities Safe webinar
[/hsti/live-events/hsti-live-soft-target-communities.aspx].


CYBERSECURITY

In this webinar, four subject matter experts will put it all in perspective by
explaining cybersecurity in simple terms. They will discuss the numerous
challenges it poses to law enforcement, providing case studies, discussing cyber
resiliency, and summarizing the international cybersecurity threat landscape by
reviewing the findings from the Microsoft Intelligence Report, Volume 23, which
was released to the public on March 15, 2018. We will look at how Microsoft
assisted in the takedown of the Gamarue botnet, discuss what organizations can
do to avoid being an "easy mark" and provide an update on the latest attack
trends and defenses. View webinar [/multimedia/HSTI/cybersecurity/archive.html]

 * HSTI Podcasts [/hsti/podcasts.aspx]

 * Homeland Security Training Institute
   [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-white.png] /hsti/index.aspx
 * Homeland Security Training Institute at College of DuPage 425 Fawell Blvd.,
   Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2183 [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   

 * Map and Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Legal and Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Emergencies and Severe Weather Info [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Veterans Services [/admission/veteran/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/hsti/live-events/index.pcf]