https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student and instructor in discussion
[/_resources/img/hero/engineering-teacher-student.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Divisions [https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/]Science, Technology,
Engineering and Math Division


SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING AND MATH DIVISION

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Faculty [/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/faculty.aspx]

The Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division at College of DuPage
offers a wide array of exciting programs and courses to students who are
interested in learning more about how and why natural systems on the Earth and
in the universe work.

From the universal language of the sciences, Mathematics, to specific coursework
in Chemistry, the Earth Sciences, Engineering, and Physics, the Science,
Technology, Engineering and Math Division provides students with a myriad of
choices of topics that may pique their interest or fulfill a general education
requirement. Many courses offered in the Division fulfill general education
requirements for students interested in transferring to a baccalaureate granting
institution.


PROGRAMS

 * Astronomy [/academics/programs/earth_science/astronomy/index.aspx]
 * Biology [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Botany [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Chemistry [/academics/programs/chemistry/index.aspx]
 * Earth Science [/academics/programs/earth_science/index.aspx]
 * Electronics Technology
   [/academics/programs/electronics-technology/index.aspx]
 * Electro-Mechanical Technology
   [/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/index.aspx]
 * Engineering [/academics/programs/engineering/index.aspx]
 * Geology [/academics/programs/earth_science/geology/index.aspx]
 * Hydrology [/academics/programs/earth_science/hydrology/index.aspx]
 * Integrated Engineering Technology
   [/academics/programs/integrated-engineering/index.aspx]
 * Mathematics [/academics/programs/math/index.aspx]
 * Meteorology [/academics/programs/earth_science/index.aspx]
 * Oceanography [/academics/programs/earth_science/oceanography/index.aspx]
 * Physics [/academics/programs/physics/index.aspx]
 * Zoology [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
   
   


CAMPUS LOCATIONS

 * Berg Instructional Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx]
 * Health and Science Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx]
 * Natural Areas 
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/natural-areas.aspx]
 * Technical Education Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/tec.aspx]


COD STORIES

Patrick Cullinan [/about/stories/students/images/patrick_cullinan.jpg]

"COD offered me the best opportunity to build a foundation that would
springboard me to U of I and eventually medical school." - Patrick Cullinan

Patrick's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cullinan.aspx]


COD STORIES

Safia Khan [/about/stories/students/images/safia_khan.jpg]

"The only way to learn what your limits are is to push past them. I learned what
my potential is, so don’t be afraid to walk through waters of uncertainty." -
Safia Khan

Safia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/khan.aspx]


COD STORIES

Austin Ahlert [/about/stories/students/images/austin_ahlert.jpg]

"COD helped me to finish my general education requirements in a timely and
inexpensive matter while providing a very good education." - Austin Ahlert

Austin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/ahlert.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jaylyn Grant [/about/stories/students/images/jaylyn_grant.jpg]

"Some of my goals when I become a doctor include serving underrepresented
communities, doing humanitarian work overseas and mentoring pre-med students of
color." - Jaylyn Grant

Jaylyn's COD Story [/about/stories/students/jaylyn_grant.aspx]


COD STORIES

Xin Tang [/about/stories/students/images/xin_tang.jpg]

"My experience at COD not only taught me how to interact with people from
diverse backgrounds, but also encouraged me to jump out of my comfort zone and
pursue an engineering degree in a different state." - Xin Tang

Xin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/tang.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CONTACT INFORMATION

Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division
[/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx]
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06, (630) 942-3210

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.pcf]