https://www.cod.edu/about/humanresources/employment.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

campus students walking
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-students-chap-statue-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Human Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/about/humanresources/]


EMPLOYMENT

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Benefits [/about/humanresources/benefits.aspx]
 * Employment at COD [/about/humanresources/employment.aspx]
 * Employee Compensation [/about/humanresources/compensation.aspx]
 * Employee Guidebooks and Labor Contracts
   [/about/humanresources/guidebooks.aspx]
 * Employee Recognition: I AM COD [/about/humanresources/i_am_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Employment [/about/humanresources/student.aspx]

Illinois’ largest community college offers a variety of academic and
professional positions with both full-time and part-time openings.
At College of DuPage, we have five core values that we underscore in all that we
do: integrity, honesty, respect, responsibility and equity. These core values
drive the institution forward and are the strength behind student success.

Forbes Best Employers in State of Illinois 2021
[/about/humanresources/images/forbes-2021.jpg]


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE BEST IN-STATE OF ILLINOIS EMPLOYERS

College of DuPage has been named among Forbes America's 2021 Best In-State
Employers List [/news/2021/september/forbesbestinstate.aspx].


CAREER OPPORTUNITIES



College of DuPage Employment
[https://cod.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/4/home?c=cod]





College of DuPage Student Employment
[https://cod.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/5/home?c=cod]



College of DuPage is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to
diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

College of DuPage does not discriminate against individuals in employment
opportunities, programs and/or activities on the basis of race, color, religion,
gender, sexual orientation, age, national origin, ancestry, veterans' status,
marital status, disability, military status, unfavorable discharge from military
service, or on any other basis protected by law.


ABOUT COLLEGE OF DUPAGE

College of DuPage (COD) is a comprehensive community college with far-reaching
impact. Located in Glen Ellyn, Illinois, just 25 miles outside of Chicago, the
campus covers 254 acres. The College is firmly rooted in the community yet
committed to reflecting the needs and demands of an ever-changing world. College
of DuPage offers seven degrees in more than 150 areas of study, and each degree
program emphasizes relevant coursework and results-focused teaching by dedicated
faculty. With nearly 25,000 students served annually, College of DuPage is the
largest community college in Illinois.


CLERY ACT DISCLOSURE

Your safety while at College of DuPage is one of our top priorities, and so we
encourage you to read our Annual Security Report prior to beginning classes. The
Annual Security Report [/about/police_department/statistics.aspx] is published
in compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and
Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act) and the Violence Against Women Act. This
report includes crime statistics, institutional policies on campus security and
safety, alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes or
incidents, sexual misconduct and other important matters. 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Human Resources
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 2134
425 Fawell Blvd.
Glen Ellyn, IL 60137
(630) 942-2460
Email: humanresources@cod.edu [humanresources@cod.edu]

Regular Hours
Monday to Friday: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.


EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT

College of DuPage is committed to providing relevant, high-quality development
opportunities that will enhance your work environment and enrich your
experience. The Employee Development Center
[/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/index.aspx] (EDC)
provides training, development and resources to College of DuPage employees
around topics such as Employee/Faculty Development, Leadership and Orientation.


I AM COD AWARDS

Employees are recognized and celebrated by their colleagues and leaders for
outstanding service. The I AM COD awards
[/about/humanresources/i_am_cod/index.aspx] are given each semester to one team
and one individual that exemplifies our core values and promotes student
success.


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE FACULTY

College of DuPage faculty share their love of teaching
[/about/stories/faculty.aspx] and how they bring their expertise into the
classroom.


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE STAFF

College of DuPage staff share how they support student success
[/about/stories/staff.aspx] outside of the classroom.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/humanresources/employment.pcf]