https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/interior-design/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

woman from the interior design major
[/_resources/img/hero/interiordesign-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Interior Design Program


INTERIOR DESIGN PROGRAM

Interior Design at College of DuPage offers students a variety of learning
opportunities that match current industry trends and standards. Earn an
Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/interior-design-aas/]
degree in interior design and one of three certificates
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/]in kitchen and bath
design, lighting and computer applications. 

Taught by experienced professionals, the program provides a range of interior
design courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/inter/] from fundamental
through advanced levels. Students begin the program with entry-level courses
like drafting, sustainable design, architecture and design history. Intermediate
courses include computer aided drafting, space planning and lighting.

Courses culminate in the four advanced studio classes where all skills and
information are utilized in comprehensive projects in one of four specialized
areas: residential, healthcare, contract (restaurant and retail) and office
design. The final courses of Professional Practices and Ethics and Portfolio
Review prepare students to enter the interior design industry.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The interior design industry is tied to the economy, like many professional
career fields. In addition to design and architectural firms, career
opportunities include kitchen and bath design, computer-aided drafting and
rendering, sustainable design, advanced lighting design and universal/barrier
free interior design.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

The Interior Design program has a diverse student population in regard to age,
prior education and range of employment experiences.

Whether you are preparing for a career in interior design, planning to transfer
to a four-year college or university
[/academics/transfer/programs/interior-design.aspx]or updating your skills, you
will find classes with a dynamic exchange of life perspectives. This results in
students not only sharing a love of interior design, but also finding other
students at similar points in their educational and career journeys. COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience, certification
   and licensing.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities, equipment, and resources that
   creates a “design firm” environment for students.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention from
   instructors.
 * An advisory board made up of respected industry professionals, ensuring a
   curriculum guided by current and emerging trends, as well as educational
   support and opportunities in and out of the classroom.

Degrees


INTERIOR DESIGN

The Interior Design, Associate in Applied Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/interior-design-aas/]degree
program prepares students to work in one of the vast array of jobs in the design
industry or transfer to a four-year program.

Students in this program are required to complete a minimum of 70 credits of
coursework, which includes 52 credits in core program courses and electives and
18 general education credits.

Additional electives are available for those students wishing to broaden their
knowledge, update skills, and gain experience for an occupational edge over
competition.

Certificates

The Interior Design department currently offers three certificate programs.
These programs are aimed at interior design majors and returning professionals
who are seeking advanced skills in specialized areas.


INTERIOR DESIGN COMPUTER APPLICATIONS

The Interior Design Computer Applications, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/interior-design-computer-applications-certificate/]
prepares students for computer support jobs in the design industry. 

The certificate requires a minimum of 23 credits of design prerequisites and a
wide array of computer courses including 2D AutoCAD drafting, 3dsMax 3D
modeling, Photoshop, Sketch-up, Revit, and 20-20.


INTERIOR DESIGN LIGHTING

The Interior Design Lighting. Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/interior-design-lighting-certificate/]
prepares students for a support job in the lighting industry. Students focus on
lighting fundaments, new technology, various applications, and graphic
communication methods required in the design industry.

In addition to entry-level prerequisite courses, students focus on lighting
fundaments, new technology, various lighting applications, and graphic
communication methods required in the design industry. The certificate requires
29 credits and it provides an area of specialization when combined with the
Associate in Applied Science degree.


KITCHEN AND BATH DESIGN

The Kitchen and Bath Design, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/kitchen-bath-design-certificate/]
is accredited by the National Kitchen and Bath Association (NKBA) and prepares
graduates with design and business skills necessary for industry professionals.



National Kitchen and Bath Association Accredited Program
[/academics/programs/interior-design/images/nbka_logo.jpg]





This certificate program requires a minimum of 43 credits and provides students
with a broad range of instruction that builds on fundamental courses within the
Associate in Applied Science Interior Design degree.

Studio courses dedicated to the Kitchen and Bath industry ensure that students
are prepared for the variety of jobs available in this specialized area.


INTERIOR DESIGN CLASS FORMAT

Interior design classes are held in the Technical Education Center
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/tec.aspx] (TEC), a LEED-certified
building. The building includes three studio classrooms, one dedicated computer
classroom, a Resource Library and display areas for student work.



Technical Education Center
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/slider/tec-outside.jpg]

Technical Education Center



Other equipment available to students includes an architectural plotter,
architectural copier, and large format scanners. All interior design computer
software is updated annually to provide students the most up-to-date programs
possible.

During the fall and spring semesters, classes meet only once a week. This "block
scheduling" works best for interior design project-type classes.

 

 




COD STORIES

Valerie Jardon [/about/stories/students/images/valerie_jardon.jpg]

"My goal was to stay home with my daughter during the day and take classes at
night. COD was perfect for that – the cost, close proximity to home and ability
to take classes that fit my schedule.” - Valerie Jardon

Valerie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/jardon.aspx]


COD STORIES

Heidi Monteith [/about/stories/students/images/heidi_moneteith.jpg]

"Becoming a design student enabled me to find paid internships and part-time
jobs in the industry that paid 50 to 100 percent more than what I had been
earning before becoming a student.” - Heidi Monteith

Heidi's COD Story [/about/stories/students/monteith.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jerome Coloma [/about/stories/students/images/jerome-coloma.jpg]

"I was lucky to have studied under so many professional, perceptive and engaging
teachers with a commitment to my excellence." - Jerome Coloma

Jerome's COD Story [/about/stories/students/coloma.aspx]


COD STORIES

Leen Al Kassar [/about/stories/students/images/leen-al-kassar.jpg]

"I truly feel that the Interior Design program prepared me to be successful in
the design industry. From detailed studio courses to internship opportunities,
the knowledge and experience that I have gained during my time at COD is
invaluable." - Leen Al Kassar

Leen's COD Story [/about/stories/students/al_kassar.aspx]


COD STORIES

Emily Barry [/about/stories/students/images/emily-barry.jpg]

"The instructors, particularly Shelly Mocchi, work overtime to create
connections and opportunities for the students who are willing to put in the
work." - Emily Barry

Emily's COD Story [/about/stories/students/barry.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in interior design is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Interior Design Computer Applications, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/interior-design-computer-applications-certificate/]
 * Interior Design Lighting, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/interior-design-lighting-certificate/]
 * Interior Design, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/interior-design-aas/]
 * Kitchen and Bath Design, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/interior-design/kitchen-bath-design-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes


INTERIOR DESIGN PROGRAM GRADUATES WILL

 * Develop a comprehensive design concept based on creative problem solving
   research including viable space planning using industry standards
 * Create a full set of design documents for an interior design project
 * Using critical thinking strategies generate an appropriate furniture, fixture
   and materials selection considering applicable codes and sustainability
   (social responsibility)
 * Produce a presentation of a fully integrated design project that utilizes
   visualization software comparable to professional industry standards
 * Compose written justification of project designs and verbally communicate
   design solutions in presentations in an effective and professional manner
 * Demonstrate soft skills including: (1) collaboration, creating a positive
   impact on the classroom (2) positive attitude and work ethic (3)
   accepting/applying feedback to project outcome and (4) self-direction and
   follow-through




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several interior design transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/interior-design.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


INTERIOR DESIGN AT COD

student looking at swatches with instructor
[/_resources/img/video/interior-design-program-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/KIILoCP_hiA?rel=0

Get more information about the Interior Design program and how it provides
students with hands-on experience to help provide the highest quality education
in the area.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Interior Design Program
[/academics/programs/interior-design/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/interior-design/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/interior-design/index.pcf]