https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/welding/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student welding [/_resources/img/hero/welding-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Welding


WELDING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

Welding is becoming an increasingly high-tech skill in which welders are being
trained to operate robots and other automated systems that use powerful lasers,
electron beams and explosives to bond metal. With demand for skilled welders
rising and the technology used in welding becoming more advanced, especially
where automation and robotics are concerned, students have a unique opportunity
to learn a career that can be shaped around their interests. 

The Welding Technology program is designed for students interested in learning
welding or upgrading their skills. Earn an Associate in Applied Science degree
in welding or receive a certificate in welding and AWS Sense 1. 

Students will learn shield metal arc (stick), gas tungsten (TIG), oxyacetylene
(gas), gas metal arc (MIG) and plasma welding/cutting processes, using both
manual and semi-automatic applications. Welding courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/weld/] in welding theory and blueprint
reading are also available. The Welding program is an individualized,
competency-based program that benefits both novice and advanced welders.

Welding supplies are required. The following gear list
[/academics/programs/welding/pdf/weld_gear_list.pdf] outlines supplies in order
to begin Welding 1100.

Facilities for the Welding Technology program are housed in the Technical
Education Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/tec.aspx] (TEC).
The program offers instruction during day, evening and Saturday classes.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The U.S. Department of Labor lists more than 75 occupational titles, including
mechanics, machinists, plumbers, construction and maintenance workers, as well
as sculptors and other artisans, that entail some form of welding-related
activities.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in welding or updating your skills,
College of DuPage has the right program for you. COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities, on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening, and weekend classes.
 * Hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Partnerships with industry professionals and organizations ensure that the
   curricula and equipment are on track with the skills required in the field
   and sought after by employers.

Degrees


WELDING, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Associate in Applied Science in Welding Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/welding-technology/welding-aas/] program
provides students with the theory and practice in entry-level welding skills.
Upon successful completion of the program, students will be prepared for the
American Welding Society (AWS) examinations.

Certificates


WELDING

The Welding certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/welding-technology/welding-certificate/]
program provides students with an individualized, competency-based method of
instruction in the four most common methods of metal joining: shielded metal arc
(stick), gas tungsten (TIG), oxyacetylene (gas), and gas metal arc.
Additionally, both manual and semi-automatic plasma welding and cutting are
included in various courses.


AWS SENSE 1

The AWS Sense 1 certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/welding-technology/aws-sense-1-certificate/]
program provides theory and practice in the preparation and welding of steel
joints in various positions. It covers safety, electrode selection, inspection,
and testing using shielded metal, gas tungsten, flux core, and gas metal arc
welding. Skills are developed in producing different position butt and fillet
welds. American Welding Society (AWS) testing is emphasized. 


COD STORIES

Maggie Guzman welding [/about/stories/students/images/maggie_guzman.jpg]

"For students who have already decided they want to weld, the program is
evolving and growing." - Maggie Guzman

Maggie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/guzman.aspx]


COD STORIES

Nicole Salmon [/about/stories/students/images/nicole_salmon.jpg]

"COD has a plethora of resources and has always impressed me as an academic
institution. But I was blown away when I began discovering everything that the
Technical Education Center had to offer. The teachers, labs, tools and
technology have all been beneficial to my success.” - Nicole Salmon

Nicole's COD Story [/about/stories/students/salmon.aspx]


COD STORIES

Elizabeth Marlowe [/about/stories/students/images/elizabeth_marlowe.jpg]

"Don't be afraid to ask ALL the questions. Ask for demos. Ask your teacher to
watch you to make sure you’re doing it right. Learning by trial and error is
slower and can be very frustrating and discouraging. So practice, practice,
practice!” - Elizabeth Marlowe

Elizabeth's COD Story [/about/stories/students/marlowe.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in accounting is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * AWS Sense 1, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/welding-technology/aws-sense-1-certificate/]
 * Welding, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/welding-technology/welding-aas/]
 * Welding, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/welding-technology/welding-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Welding Program graduates will:

 * Identify safe welding practices and procedures conforming to American Welding
   Society (AWS) Z 49 standards.
 * Demonstrate practical knowledge of making welds with all types of mild steel
   electrodes, arc air gouging and the welding of mild steel in all positions in
   a safe manner.
 * Exhibit a basic understanding of metallurgy required of a competent welder.
 * Interpret both basic and advanced welding fabrications blueprints including:
   welding symbols, weld testing symbols, structural steel shapes, and welding
   specifications.
 * Document advanced knowledge and techniques for the safe and successful
   operation of gas tungsten welding, shielded metal arc welding, gas metal arc
   welding, and oxy fuel gas welding.
 * Demonstrate knowledge of code practices and procedures in American Welding
   Society (AWS) D1.1.
 * Perform an American Welding Society (AWS) 1G with a backing strip test or 3G
   with an open root.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several welding technology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/welding.aspx] in place with four-year colleges and
universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
gear icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/career-and-technical.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_5

Career and Technical



Apply Now [http://admissions.cod.edu]

Contact the Welding Technology Program
[/academics/programs/welding/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/welding/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/welding/index.pcf]