https://www.cod.edu/student_life/publications/prairie_light_review/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

prairie light review image
[/_resources/img/hero/female-library-books-reading.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Publications
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/publications/]Prairie Light Review


PRAIRIE LIGHT REVIEW

Prairie Light Review, the Liberal Arts Journal of College of DuPage, has been
published for over 40 years. This free publication, funded by Student Activities
fees, is the venue for creative work in District 502. It is a partnership
between Student Life and the Liberal Arts Division. 

Prairie Light Review is a juried magazine that is produced twice a year in
December and May by a class of student editors enrolled in English 2210. Student
editors evaluate blind entries and strive to bring to the magazine’s readers the
most engaging and creative work being produced in District 502. 

The magazine welcomes original fiction, nonfiction, essays, and drama of 1,600
words or less; poetry of 62 lines or less; graphic essays of 12 panels or less;
black and white and color photography; and 2D and 3D artwork of any medium. 

In January 2019, 2021 and 2022, The Prairie Light Review was honored with the
First Place Magazine award from the American Scholastic Press Association.

Print editions of Prairie Light Review can be picked up on campus in the BIC and
outside of the library's main entrance in the SRC as well as the MAC during
regular college operating hours.


PLR SUBMISSIONS

The deadline for Fall 2023 submissions has now passed.

Email prairielightreviewsubmissions@gmail.com
[prairielightreviewsubmissions@gmail.com?subject=PLR%20submission] for more
information.

Submission Guidelines


FORMATTING

 * Please do not send a .pdf. All literary work should be submitted as a .doc,
   .docx, or rtf. All visual art must be submitted as a high resolution .jpg.
 * Also, do not submit work that was previously published in PLR.  
 * Entrants may submit up to four pieces of original works in the following
   categories: fiction, nonfiction, essays, and drama of 1,600 words or less;
   poetry of 62 lines or less; graphic essays of 12 panels or less; black and
   white and color photography; and 2D and 3D artwork of any medium. No more
   than two works by the same author/artist will be published in any given
   journal.
 * Artworks and writing must be completely original. We will not consider
   drawings, paintings, or other media if made from photos or other images not
   created by the artist (unless secured by the submitting artist and also
   included in your submission email). Collages are, of course, acceptable with
   substantial changes made to the original images being used.


WRITTEN SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Criteria for written submissions change semester to semester and are determined
by the editorial team.


JUDGING CRITERIA FOR WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS

 * Originality/Creativity/Approach 
 * Craftsmanship/ Technique
 * Use of Literary devices
 * Emotions/impact
 * Meaning/Engagement
 *  Cohesiveness/Consistency/Flow
 * Atmosphere/Tone/Mood


OTHER WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS GUIDELINES

 * Title all entries
 * Enter up to four creative works per entrant per issue of original fiction,
   nonfiction, essays, and drama of 1,600 words or less; poetry of 62 lines or
   less; graphic essays of 12 panels or less
 * Compose copy in Times New Roman 12 point only, without special
   effects. Follow MLA 8 guidelines
 *  All entries must be the original work of the artist
 * Only works emailed and in a digital format will be considered
 * Indicate if you are a College of DuPage student
 * All entries should include an artist bio


WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS EMAIL INSTRUCTIONS

 * Include the following information in the subject line of the email: first
   name and last name.
 * Include in the body of the email: your full address with zip code; contact
   telephone number; an alternate email address.
 * Provide the title, genre, and word count of each entry.
 * Remove your name and any other identifying information from all headers.
 * Attach files as a .doc, .docx, rtf, or pdf.
 * Along with your submission, provide a one sentence statement describing
   either what your piece is about, who you are, or how you came to create your
   submission. Thank you.


FOREIGN LANGUAGE POETRY

Prairie Light Review welcomes poetry in an author’s native language as long as
an English language translation accompanies the entry. Although grammar and
punctuation of foreign language poetry will not be judged, PLR editors will
judge the English language translation the same as any entry. At their
discretion, the PLR editors may verify the content of the entry with foreign
language experts. 

In addition to the Submission Guidelines for all written work, foreign language
poetry must adhere to the following rules:

 * An author may enter only one foreign language poem per issue.
 * The language of the poem must be indicated.
 * All characters and diacritical marks must be features available in standard
   computer fonts.
 * A full and accurate English translation must accompany all foreign language
   poems; otherwise, the work will not be considered.


VISUAL SUBMISSION GUIDELINES


JUDGING CRITERIA FOR VISUAL SUBMISSIONS

 * Creativity
 * Method/technique
 * Composition
 * Emotion/Impact
 * Cohesiveness / Consistency
 * Meaning/ Engagement


OTHER VISUAL SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

 * Enter up to four creative works per entrant per issue of drawings, cartoons,
   graphics, charcoal drawings, etchings, paintings, murals, collages,
   sculptures, ceramics, fashion, jewelry, and all new media.
 * Title all entries.
 * Remove your name and any other identifying information from all artwork.
 * Photograph all physical art as you want it to appear in the magazine.
 * Prairie Light Review reserves the right to digitally crop, enlarge, or reduce
   photographs to accommodate the magazine’s page size limitations.
 * NOTE: SCANNED ART IS PREFFERED to ensure quality


VISUAL SUBMISSIONS EMAIL INSTRUCTIONS

 * Best sizes are 8”x11” or larger at 300 dpi or at least 2550x3300 resolution 
 * Include the following information in the subject line of the email: first
   name and last name
 * Include in the body of the email: your full address with zip code; contact
   telephone number; an alternate email address.
 * Title all entries.
 * Use only .jpeg, .jpg, .tif, .png, or .gif file types.
 * Name the file: title.filetype. ex: WheatfieldWithCrows.jpeg
 * Describe the medium
 * Along with your submission, provide a one sentence statement describing
   either what your piece is about, who you are, or how you came to create your
   submission. Thank you.

Entrants maintain the rights to their work and may subsequently offer their work
to any publication.

Twice a year for the December and May issues, all students, faculty, staff, and
the College of DuPage District 502 community may enter up to four creative works
per entrant per issue of original fiction, nonfiction, essays, and drama of
1,600 words or less; poetry of 62 lines or less; graphic essays of 12 panels or
less; black and white and color photography; and 2D and 3D artwork of any
medium. 

A class of student editors who are enrolled in English 2210 reads blind entries.
Written work is viewed as a finished product; copy editing is kept to a minimum
to respect the author’s intentions. Please carefully proofread your written
entries. Selected work is published, subject to space limitations.


SEND ALL ENTRIES TO

prairielightreviewsubmissions@gmail.com
[prairielightreviewsubmissions@gmail.com?subject=PLR%20submission]

Only works submitted by email will be considered.

Join Our Staff

You can join the staff of this award-winning magazine by enrolling in English
2210 fall or spring terms of each year. No previous publishing experience is
needed. The course is two credit hours. More information about the course is
available at How to Search for Credit Classes
[/registration/pdf/how-to-search-classes-no-login.pdf]. 

English 2210 is a unique course. Students who enroll become editors of the
magazine, working together as a team to learn the exciting and rewarding process
of producing the next issue of Prairie Light Review. This is not a traditional
English course in which each student writes individual, formal assignments that
an instructor evaluates. By contrast, each student’s grade in the course is
based on preparing for class, participating in the production of the magazine,
and planning the publication party at the end. 

Staff members experience and learn many different publication techniques,
including tracking entries, selecting content, deciding layout, editing copy,
distributing the magazine, managing the office, marketing, fundraising, and
coordinating special events such as the publication party and open mics.


PRAIRIE LIGHT REVIEW ON DIGITAL COMMONS

 * View past editions of PLR via the Digital Commons at COD.
   [https://dc.cod.edu/plr/] 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Trina Sotirakopulos, Advisor
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E09H
(630) 942-2177
Email: sotirakopulost@cod.edu [sotirakopulost@cod.edu]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/publications/prairie_light_review/index.pcf]