https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/business/management.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

man teaching a management class
[/_resources/img/hero/management-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Business, Management and
Marketing Program [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/business/] Management
Program


MANAGEMENT PROGRAM

Prepare for a career in management and learn about supervising others in a
business setting. Become a manager or supervisor in small to medium-sized
businesses or start your own business through the Management program at College
of DuPage.

Students will take a variety of management courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/manag/], including business-related topics
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/busin/], principles of management,
marketing [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/marke/] and organizational
behavior, business ethics and business law, as well as subjects on accounting,
computer information systems, economics and general psychology. 

College of DuPage offers an Associate in Applied Science, Management
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-aas/]degree
program that prepares students for supervisory positions in small- to
medium-sized businesses. Numerous management certificates
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/] are also available in
e-commerce, human resource management, supervision and organizational
leadership.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Nearly every sector of the economy needs professionals with knowledge of
business, economics, information systems, people and project management,
organization and strategic planning.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in business, management or marketing,
planning to transfer to a four-year institution, planning to start your own
business, or updating your skills, College of DuPage has the right program for
you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/business/contact.aspx] with years
   of practical industry experience and teaching experience.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities.
 * Flexible schedules with day and evening classes, online learning and
   accelerated hybrid classes.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Programs designed to prepare students with the skills that are in demand by
   today’s employers.
 * Articulated transfer programs [/academics/transfer/index.aspx] with several
   prestigious universities that facilitate a convenient, affordable and
   streamlined approach to earning a baccalaureate degree.

Degrees


MANAGEMENT

The Management, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-aas/]degree
program prepares students for supervisory positions in small- to medium-sized
businesses. Graduates typically enter lower management positions directly from
college or establish their own businesses or are promoted with their current
employer.

Curriculum covers business related topics including principles of management,
marketing and organizational behavior, business ethics and business law, as well
as subjects such as accounting, computer information systems, economics and
general psychology.

Certificates


BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND CONCEPTS

The Business Environment and Concepts certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/business-environment-concepts-certificate/]
is designed for certified public accountant examination candidates who have
earned a baccalaureate degree in a discipline other than business.


E-COMMERCE

The E-Commerce certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/e-commerce-certificate/]
provides students with the fundamental skills and knowledge necessary to
successfully conduct business online. The curriculum covers business, electronic
commerce, consumer marketing, internet and social media marketing, customer
relationship management and supervision.


ENTREPRENEURSHIP

The Entrepreneurship certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/entrepreneurship-certificate/]
provides students with the knowledge and skills involved in the marketing and
management of entrepreneurial enterprises, including accounting, business
budgeting and planning, product development and start-up financing.


HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT

The Human Resource Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/human-resource-management-hrm-certificate/]
is designed to provide entry-level human resource generalist and specialist
content and competency development for individuals seeking careers in human
resource positions.


MANAGEMENT

The Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-certificate/]
provides students with core competencies required for a variety of positions in
management. The curriculum covers accounting, business, business law, computer
information systems, human resource management, principles of management,
principles of marketing and organizational behavior.


ORGANIZATIONAL LEADERSHIP

The Organizational Leadership
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/organizational-leadership-certificate/]
certificate provides students with the core competencies required to excel in
leadership roles within nearly any organization.


SUPERVISION

The Supervision certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/supervision-certificate/]
provides students with the fundamental knowledge and skills required to fill
supervisory roles.


COD STORIES

Anthony Walker [/about/stories/students/images/anthony_walker.jpg]

"College of DuPage helped me in ways I can’t even begin to describe. I am
grateful and humble for the opportunities and resources that were provided to me
during my time at COD.” - Anthony Walker

Anthony's COD Story [/about/stories/students/walker_anthony.aspx]


COD STORIES

Eileen Kelly [/about/stories/students/images/eileen_kelly.jpg]

“College of DuPage is a great school and has a great staff to accompany it. As
long as you put your mind toward achieving your goals, COD is there and willing
to guide you.” - Eileen Kelly

Eileen's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kelly.aspx]


COD STORIES

Will Storm [/about/stories/students/images/will_storm.jpg]

"COD helped me principally to obtain my initial years of higher education at an
affordable rate with the confidence that I could transfer to finish my four-year
degree.” - Will Storm

Will's COD Story [/about/stories/students/storm.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sarah Bredesen [/about/stories/students/images/sarah_bredesen.jpg]

"When I started at COD, I felt my life was stagnant and realized I needed to
grow. I never imagined how impactful the experience would be. I could never
imagine having gone anywhere else.” - Sarah Bredesen

Sarah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bredesen.aspx]


COD STORIES

Fernando Alvarado [/about/stories/students/images/fernando-alvarado.jpg]

"Have an open mind to new ideas and beliefs because COD is an opportunity for
individuals to grow and gain experience and confidence.” - Fernando Alvarado

Fernando's COD Story [/about/stories/students/alvarado.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Management is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Business Environment and Concepts, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/business-environment-concepts-certificate/]
 * E-Commerce, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/e-commerce-certificate/]
 * Entrepreneurship, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/entrepreneurship-certificate/]
 * Human Resource Management (HRM), Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/human-resource-management-hrm-certificate/]
 * Management, Associate in Applied Science 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-aas/]
 * Management, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/management-certificate/]
 * Organizational Leadership, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/organizational-leadership-certificate/]
 * Supervision, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/supervision-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Management program graduates will:

 * Explain concepts associated with the management functions and resources.
 * Assemble appropriate information resources to support analysis of the
   managerial environment.
 * Formulate communication for diverse stakeholder groups.
 * Demonstrate an understanding of ethical and socially responsible managerial
   issues and practices.
 * Summarize the role of management and leadership in an organization.
 * Utilize a decision model to plan and control managerial outcomes.
 * Develop an understanding of emotional intelligence and its application to
   management.
 * Integrate a team of diverse individuals working toward a common goal.

Where You Can Transfer

College of DuPage has several business, management and marketing transfer
agreements  [/academics/transfer/programs/business-management-marketing.aspx]in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

The following are answers to common frequently asked questions regarding the
Business, Management and Marketing programs.

How is a certificate different from a degree?
A certificate focuses on a specific body or area of knowledge while a degree
combines that focus with a broad academic background. 
What is the difference between an Associate in Arts and an Associate in Applied
Science degree?

An Associate in Arts degree is usually geared to transfer to a
baccalaureate-granting college or university in a residential, full-time
program. The Associate in Applied Science degree is accepted by many local
colleges and universities, especially adult, part-time programs.

The Associate in Arts includes more liberal arts courses, while the Associate in
Applied Science focuses more on your specialty area.

What does IAI stand for?
IAI is the acronym for the Illinois Articulation Initiative. A course which is
designated IAI will transfer to any public or private college or university in
Illinois.
What are course prerequisites?

Prerequisites are courses (or demonstrated equivalent experience) that you must
take prior to enrolling in another higher-level course. 

You need to take prerequisite courses because they give you the background
necessary for higher-level courses. The higher-level course instructor assumes
that you have mastered the content of the prerequisite course. Mastery of the
prerequisite course content improves your chances of successful performance.

Is every course offered every semester?

The following courses are usually offered in fall, spring, and summer terms in
at least one delivery format, in-person, hybrid, online, or virtual:

 * Business 1100 (Introduction to Business) 
 * Business 1111 (Customer Service)
 * Business 1161 (Entrepreneurship)
 * Business 2255 (International Business)
 * Management 2210 (Principles of Management) 
 * Management 2215 (Leadership)
 * Management 2220 (Organizational Behavior)
 * Marketing 2225 (Consumer Behavior)
 * Marketing 2235 ( Digital Marketing Analytics)
 * Management 2240 (Human Resource Management)
 * Marketing 1100 (Consumer Marketing)
 * Marketing 2210 (Principles of Marketing) 
 * Marketing 2220 (Principles of Sales) 
 * Marketing 2240 (Advertising)
 * Marketing 2270 (Digital Marketing)

 
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Management Program [/academics/programs/business/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/business/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/business/management.pcf]