https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Campus photo
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-src-south-entry-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Tuition [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/]Payment
Plans


PAYMENT PLANS

College of DuPage provides students the opportunity to make payments throughout
the semester through one of our affordable payment plans. All payment plan
options require a down payment. 

The payment plan is for students paying out of pocket or students that do not
have their balance covered in full by financial aid or military benefits. There
is a $15 non-refundable set-up fee charged at the time of enrollment. A down
payment is also required at the time of enrollment. 

Only current semester charges for tuition and fees can be included in the
payment plan. Fines and prior term charges can be paid at the Cashier’s Office. 


PAYMENT PLAN SCHEDULES

The earlier you enroll in a payment plan, the lower your down payment.

Summer 2023 Active Payment Plan Schedule

  Plan Available Until: Payment Details: April 30, 2023 25% down; 3 payments
(May to July) May 31, 2023 35% down; 2 payments (June and July) June 30, 2023
50% down; 1 payment (July) July 20, 2023 50% down; 1 payment (July)

 

Fall 2023 Active Payment Plan Schedule


EARLY BIRD PAYMENT PLANS

(Before May 31, 2023)

  Plan Available Until: Payment Details: May 31, 2023 $10 down; 6 payments (June
to Nov.) May 31, 2023 $10 down; 5 payments (July to Nov.) May 31, 2023 $10 down;
4 payments (Aug. to Nov.)

 

(After June 1, 2023)

  Plan Available Until: Payment Details: June 30, 2023 15% down; 5 payments
(July to Nov.) July 31, 2023 25% down; 4 payments (Aug. to Nov.) Aug. 31, 2023
35% down; 3 payments (Sept. to Nov.) Sept. 30, 2023

35% down; 2 payment (Oct. to Nov.)

Oct. 31, 2023

50% down; 1 payment (Nov.)


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Learn more about setting up a payment plan at College of DuPage.

What do I do if I entered my credit card number incorrectly?

While enrolling in a payment plan, if you receive an error message “Unable to
save your new credit card – Credit card number or expiration date is not
valid” or “Account validation failed. Check your ABA routing number and try
again,” follow these steps: 

 1.  Click on Cancel and repeat the steps to enroll in a payment plan.
 2.  Click on payment plans from the top menu.
 3.  Click on Enroll Now.
 4.  Choose a term from the drop-down box and click on Select.
 5.  Choose the payment plan from the plans that are available to you from the
     drop-down box and click on Select.
 6.  Review the details of your payment plan and click on Continue.
 7.  Click on Display Payment Schedule.
 8.  Review your Payment Schedule and click on Continue.
 9.  Choose your Payment Method (Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express,
     Checking, or Savings) from the drop-down box and click on Select.
 10. Enter the requested information on the right side and click on Continue.
 11. Review the payment plan Agreement. If you would like to print the
     agreement, click the “Print Agreement” box.
 12. Check the box “I agree” at the bottom of the page and click on Continue. 

Can I enroll if I do not have a bank account or credit card?

The payment plan requires a checking/savings account or a debit/credit card.  

Will other charges, such as adding a class after enrolling in the payment plan
be included?

Yes, for additional semester charges that occur on your account during the
semester, the payment plan balance will be recalculated to reflect the new
installment amount(s). 

You do not need to enroll in a new payment plan every time you change your class
schedule. 

Can I enroll in the payment plan and mail or call in my payment?
No, in accordance with the terms and conditions of your agreement, payments are
processed electronically. Payments are not accepted by phone or mail.  
When and what time will the funds be withdrawn from my bank account?

While the payment plan specifies the date each payment will occur, College of
DuPage determines the time of day the payment is debited. Once the payment has
attempted, you will be notified via email if the payment processed successfully.

View due dates for each payment plan. [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]

 

What happens if a payment is returned?

If a payment is returned, a $30 late fee will be assessed to your student
account. Payment must be made immediately or you may be dropped from your
classes for the amount owed.

Students with excessive returned payments may be denied eligibility to
participate in the payment plan.

I set up my payment plan a few days ago and today I viewed the installment
payments and see that the amounts have changed from when I signed up. Why?

The College of DuPage payment plan adjusts your installment payments for new
charges or credits applied to the account daily so that the final installment(s)
will include any unpaid semester charges. 

 * NOTE: An email notification will be sent out to notify you of changes to your
   payment plan balance and installment payments for dropping and/or adding a
   class. New charges or credits applied are divided sequentially into the
   remaining installments.  

What happens if I receive financial aid after I enrolled in a payment plan?

If you enroll in the payment plan and are later awarded financial aid, the
financial aid amount will be applied to your account to reduce your balance. If
a credit balance is created, you will be refunded within 14 days of that
occurring. 

If I choose a payment plan this semester, do I need to sign up again for the
next semester?

Yes, if you want to participate in the payment plan next semester, you must
enroll again. The payment plan is only valid for the semester you sign up for.
The $15.00 non-refundable setup fee is charged each semester. 

Questions may be directed via email to codpaymenthelp@cod.edu
[codpaymenthelp@cod.edu] or call (630) 942-2206.


LATE PAYMENTS

Payments are due on the scheduled payment dates outlined in the payment plan
agreement. Failure to make payments in accordance with the payment plan
agreement will result in a late fee of $30 assessed to your student account, and
you may be dropped from your classes
[/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx] for the amount owed.


SCHEDULED PAYMENTS

Payments are due on the scheduled payment date. The College encourages you to
set calendar reminders for the payment dates. A reminder email will be sent to
your student email address two days before the scheduled payment date. The
payment plan is a contract, and the College will not reverse a valid payment.


STUDENT EMAIL

Important communication regarding the payment plan will be sent to your student
email address throughout the semester, some of which will be time sensitive.

 



faculty member working with students
[/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/inside-adult-students-workshop.jpg]


PAYMENT PLAN HOW-TO GUIDES

 * Enrolling in a payment plan
   [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/payment_plan_steps_enroll.pdf]
 * Assigning an authorized user
   [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/payment_plan_authorized_user.pdf]
 * Updating your payment method
   [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/payment_plan_update_pay_method.pdf]
 * Receiving text alerts
   [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/payment_plan_texts.pdf]
 * Making a payment ahead of schedule
   [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/prepay_installment.pdf]

students walking into campus
[/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/src-exterior-summer.jpg]


ADDITIONAL RESOURCES

 * Cashier's Office [/costs/tuition/cashiers-office.aspx]
 * Financial Assistance [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
 * Refunds [/costs/tuition/refunds/index.aspx]
 * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]




CONTACT INFORMATION

Cashier's Office
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2424

Phone Hours
Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
(630) 942-2206

Hours
Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Available through email inquiries at cashiers@cod.edu
[cashiers@cod.edu?subject=Website%20inquiry]Fax: (630) 942-2909

Payment PolicyLearn More [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]


PAYMENT PLAN SUMMARIES

 * Summer 2023 [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/summer-2023-payment-plan.pdf]
 * Fall 2023 [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/fall-2023-payment-plan.pdf]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.pcf]