https://www.cod.edu/about/community-offerings/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

dental hygiene students cleaning a patient's teeth
[/_resources/img/hero/dental-hygiene-students.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Community
Offerings


COMMUNITY OFFERINGS

College of DuPage offers a multitude of programs, services and arts and cultural
initiatives for community members and local businesses who are seeking unique
and engaging experiences. In addition, local business and nonprofit
organizations can take advantage of free or low-cost training on the Glen Ellyn
campus to help them pursue development opportunities to expand their reach and
growth potential.

Many COD programs use learning labs for students that give them-real world
experience by providing services to the community through offerings like the
Dental Hygiene Clinic, Massage Clinic, Waterleaf restaurant and Culinary Market,
the Salon@COD cosmetology clinic or free tax preparation provided by accounting
students.

See everything COD has to offer in your own backyard. Many of these services are
free, others have a small fee.


BUSINESS SERVICES 

business meeting [/_resources/img/three-column-card/business-solutions.jpg]


BUSINESS SOLUTIONS

Receive strategies to improve individual, team and organizational performance in
process improvement, computer skills and more.

[/academics/continuing-education/business-solutions/index.aspx]
flower shop [/_resources/img/three-column-card/business-development-center.jpg]


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER

Accelerate your business' growth with expert counseling, advising and training
through a variety of free services.

[/business-development-center/index.aspx]
Counselor talking to student
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/career-services.jpg]


CAREER SERVICES

Career Services can assist members of the community with short- and long-term
career goals and help with staffing needs.

[/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
security training [/_resources/img/three-column-card/hsti.jpg]


HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING INSTITUTE

HSTI provides customized seminars for businesses on disaster preparedness,
workplace safety, cybersecurity, emergency response and more.

[/hsti/index.aspx]
Employees training
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/public-service-institute.jpg]


PUBLIC SERVICE INSTITUTE

PSI develops partnerships with local government entities to identify challenges,
provide comprehensive training and professional development.

[/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/public-service-institute/index.aspx]
Co-workers talking [/_resources/img/three-column-card/project-hire-ed.jpg]


PROJECT HIRE-ED

Project Hire-Ed surveys local employers to determine where talent pipelines need
assistance and to address skill requirements.

[/project-hire-ed/index.aspx]




STUDENT PROVIDED SERVICES

dentist office [/_resources/img/three-column-card/dental-hygiene-clinic.jpg]


DENTAL HYGIENE CLINIC

COD provides preventative dental services such as child and adult teeth
cleanings, fluoride treatments, x-rays, teeth whitening and more.

[/academics/programs/dental/dental-hygiene-clinic/index.aspx]
culinary market [/_resources/img/three-column-card/dining-experiences.jpg]


DINING EXPERIENCES

The Culinary & Hospitality Center offers several different student-ran dining
options including Waterleaf, Wheat Cafe and The Culinary Market.

[/academics/programs/culinary/student-run-dining/index.aspx]
greenhouse [/_resources/img/three-column-card/greenhouse.jpg]


GREENHOUSE

The Horticulture Department's Greenhouse hosts seasonal plant sales and tours of
the greenhouse that are available year round.

[/academics/programs/horticulture/greenhouse.aspx]
hotel room [/_resources/img/three-column-card/inn-at-waters-edge.jpg]


INN AT WATER'S EDGE

The six-room boutique hotel offers a unique guest experience. Along with a
professional team, students play an operational role through internships and
student worker opportunities.

[/inn/index.aspx]
massage [/_resources/img/three-column-card/massage-clinic.jpg]


MASSAGE CLINIC

Licensed professionals provide a variety of soothing and therapeutic massage
therapy services including Swedish, deep-tissue, shiatsu, Thai and more.

[/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/health-wellness/massage/massage_clinic.aspx]
woman at computer [/_resources/img/three-column-card/tax-preparation.jpg]


TAX PREPARATION

Take advantage of free tax preparation provided by advanced accounting students
under the supervision of faculty during the spring semester.

[/academics/programs/accounting/tax-prep.aspx]
manicure [/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-salon-at-cod.jpg]


THE SALON @ COD

Located in the Addison Center, cosmetology students provide a full complement of
aesthetic services including manicures, spa treatments, facials, hair coloring
and more.

[/academics/programs/cosmetology/salon.aspx]
ultrasound [/_resources/img/three-column-card/ultrasound.jpg]


FREE ULTRASOUNDS

Receive a free ultrasound during select sonography lab courses, which allows
students to gain valuable hands-on learning experience.

[/academics/programs/sonography/volunteers.aspx]


ATHLETICS

student working out [/_resources/img/three-column-card/fitness-center.jpg]


CHAPARRAL FITNESS CENTER

Open to community residents, the state-of-the-art fitness center features a
fitness floor, indoor running track, basketball courts, eight-lane lap pool and
locker facilities.

[https://gochapsgo.com/sports/2018/11/20/fitness-center.aspx]
Fans in stadium [/_resources/img/home/current-students.jpg]


SPORTING EVENTS

Cheer on COD's 15 competitive teams that continually take high honors in
conference, state and national competitions, including top 10 national rankings.

[https://gochapsgo.com/]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/community-offerings/index.pcf]https://www.cod.edu/about/community-offerings/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

dental hygiene students cleaning a patient's teeth
[/_resources/img/hero/dental-hygiene-students.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Community
Offerings


COMMUNITY OFFERINGS

College of DuPage offers a multitude of programs, services and arts and cultural
initiatives for community members and local businesses who are seeking unique
and engaging experiences. In addition, local business and nonprofit
organizations can take advantage of free or low-cost training on the Glen Ellyn
campus to help them pursue development opportunities to expand their reach and
growth potential.

Many COD programs use learning labs for students that give them-real world
experience by providing services to the community through offerings like the
Dental Hygiene Clinic, Massage Clinic, Waterleaf restaurant and Culinary Market,
the Salon@COD cosmetology clinic or free tax preparation provided by accounting
students.

See everything COD has to offer in your own backyard. Many of these services are
free, others have a small fee.


BUSINESS SERVICES 

business meeting [/_resources/img/three-column-card/business-solutions.jpg]


BUSINESS SOLUTIONS

Receive strategies to improve individual, team and organizational performance in
process improvement, computer skills and more.

[/academics/continuing-education/business-solutions/index.aspx]
flower shop [/_resources/img/three-column-card/business-development-center.jpg]


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER

Accelerate your business' growth with expert counseling, advising and training
through a variety of free services.

[/business-development-center/index.aspx]
Counselor talking to student
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/career-services.jpg]


CAREER SERVICES

Career Services can assist members of the community with short- and long-term
career goals and help with staffing needs.

[/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
security training [/_resources/img/three-column-card/hsti.jpg]


HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING INSTITUTE

HSTI provides customized seminars for businesses on disaster preparedness,
workplace safety, cybersecurity, emergency response and more.

[/hsti/index.aspx]
Employees training
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/public-service-institute.jpg]


PUBLIC SERVICE INSTITUTE

PSI develops partnerships with local government entities to identify challenges,
provide comprehensive training and professional development.

[/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/public-service-institute/index.aspx]
Co-workers talking [/_resources/img/three-column-card/project-hire-ed.jpg]


PROJECT HIRE-ED

Project Hire-Ed surveys local employers to determine where talent pipelines need
assistance and to address skill requirements.

[/project-hire-ed/index.aspx]




STUDENT PROVIDED SERVICES

dentist office [/_resources/img/three-column-card/dental-hygiene-clinic.jpg]


DENTAL HYGIENE CLINIC

COD provides preventative dental services such as child and adult teeth
cleanings, fluoride treatments, x-rays, teeth whitening and more.

[/academics/programs/dental/dental-hygiene-clinic/index.aspx]
culinary market [/_resources/img/three-column-card/dining-experiences.jpg]


DINING EXPERIENCES

The Culinary & Hospitality Center offers several different student-ran dining
options including Waterleaf, Wheat Cafe and The Culinary Market.

[/academics/programs/culinary/student-run-dining/index.aspx]
greenhouse [/_resources/img/three-column-card/greenhouse.jpg]


GREENHOUSE

The Horticulture Department's Greenhouse hosts seasonal plant sales and tours of
the greenhouse that are available year round.

[/academics/programs/horticulture/greenhouse.aspx]
hotel room [/_resources/img/three-column-card/inn-at-waters-edge.jpg]


INN AT WATER'S EDGE

The six-room boutique hotel offers a unique guest experience. Along with a
professional team, students play an operational role through internships and
student worker opportunities.

[/inn/index.aspx]
massage [/_resources/img/three-column-card/massage-clinic.jpg]


MASSAGE CLINIC

Licensed professionals provide a variety of soothing and therapeutic massage
therapy services including Swedish, deep-tissue, shiatsu, Thai and more.

[/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/health-wellness/massage/massage_clinic.aspx]
woman at computer [/_resources/img/three-column-card/tax-preparation.jpg]


TAX PREPARATION

Take advantage of free tax preparation provided by advanced accounting students
under the supervision of faculty during the spring semester.

[/academics/programs/accounting/tax-prep.aspx]
manicure [/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-salon-at-cod.jpg]


THE SALON @ COD

Located in the Addison Center, cosmetology students provide a full complement of
aesthetic services including manicures, spa treatments, facials, hair coloring
and more.

[/academics/programs/cosmetology/salon.aspx]
ultrasound [/_resources/img/three-column-card/ultrasound.jpg]


FREE ULTRASOUNDS

Receive a free ultrasound during select sonography lab courses, which allows
students to gain valuable hands-on learning experience.

[/academics/programs/sonography/volunteers.aspx]


ATHLETICS

student working out [/_resources/img/three-column-card/fitness-center.jpg]


CHAPARRAL FITNESS CENTER

Open to community residents, the state-of-the-art fitness center features a
fitness floor, indoor running track, basketball courts, eight-lane lap pool and
locker facilities.

[https://gochapsgo.com/sports/2018/11/20/fitness-center.aspx]
Fans in stadium [/_resources/img/home/current-students.jpg]


SPORTING EVENTS

Cheer on COD's 15 competitive teams that continually take high honors in
conference, state and national competitions, including top 10 national rankings.

[https://gochapsgo.com/]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/community-offerings/index.pcf]https://www.cod.edu/about/community-offerings/index.aspx#services
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

dental hygiene students cleaning a patient's teeth
[/_resources/img/hero/dental-hygiene-students.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Community
Offerings


COMMUNITY OFFERINGS

College of DuPage offers a multitude of programs, services and arts and cultural
initiatives for community members and local businesses who are seeking unique
and engaging experiences. In addition, local business and nonprofit
organizations can take advantage of free or low-cost training on the Glen Ellyn
campus to help them pursue development opportunities to expand their reach and
growth potential.

Many COD programs use learning labs for students that give them-real world
experience by providing services to the community through offerings like the
Dental Hygiene Clinic, Massage Clinic, Waterleaf restaurant and Culinary Market,
the Salon@COD cosmetology clinic or free tax preparation provided by accounting
students.

See everything COD has to offer in your own backyard. Many of these services are
free, others have a small fee.


BUSINESS SERVICES 

business meeting [/_resources/img/three-column-card/business-solutions.jpg]


BUSINESS SOLUTIONS

Receive strategies to improve individual, team and organizational performance in
process improvement, computer skills and more.

[/academics/continuing-education/business-solutions/index.aspx]
flower shop [/_resources/img/three-column-card/business-development-center.jpg]


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER

Accelerate your business' growth with expert counseling, advising and training
through a variety of free services.

[/business-development-center/index.aspx]
Counselor talking to student
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/career-services.jpg]


CAREER SERVICES

Career Services can assist members of the community with short- and long-term
career goals and help with staffing needs.

[/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
security training [/_resources/img/three-column-card/hsti.jpg]


HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING INSTITUTE

HSTI provides customized seminars for businesses on disaster preparedness,
workplace safety, cybersecurity, emergency response and more.

[/hsti/index.aspx]
Employees training
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/public-service-institute.jpg]


PUBLIC SERVICE INSTITUTE

PSI develops partnerships with local government entities to identify challenges,
provide comprehensive training and professional development.

[/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/public-service-institute/index.aspx]
Co-workers talking [/_resources/img/three-column-card/project-hire-ed.jpg]


PROJECT HIRE-ED

Project Hire-Ed surveys local employers to determine where talent pipelines need
assistance and to address skill requirements.

[/project-hire-ed/index.aspx]




STUDENT PROVIDED SERVICES

dentist office [/_resources/img/three-column-card/dental-hygiene-clinic.jpg]


DENTAL HYGIENE CLINIC

COD provides preventative dental services such as child and adult teeth
cleanings, fluoride treatments, x-rays, teeth whitening and more.

[/academics/programs/dental/dental-hygiene-clinic/index.aspx]
culinary market [/_resources/img/three-column-card/dining-experiences.jpg]


DINING EXPERIENCES

The Culinary & Hospitality Center offers several different student-ran dining
options including Waterleaf, Wheat Cafe and The Culinary Market.

[/academics/programs/culinary/student-run-dining/index.aspx]
greenhouse [/_resources/img/three-column-card/greenhouse.jpg]


GREENHOUSE

The Horticulture Department's Greenhouse hosts seasonal plant sales and tours of
the greenhouse that are available year round.

[/academics/programs/horticulture/greenhouse.aspx]
hotel room [/_resources/img/three-column-card/inn-at-waters-edge.jpg]


INN AT WATER'S EDGE

The six-room boutique hotel offers a unique guest experience. Along with a
professional team, students play an operational role through internships and
student worker opportunities.

[/inn/index.aspx]
massage [/_resources/img/three-column-card/massage-clinic.jpg]


MASSAGE CLINIC

Licensed professionals provide a variety of soothing and therapeutic massage
therapy services including Swedish, deep-tissue, shiatsu, Thai and more.

[/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/health-wellness/massage/massage_clinic.aspx]
woman at computer [/_resources/img/three-column-card/tax-preparation.jpg]


TAX PREPARATION

Take advantage of free tax preparation provided by advanced accounting students
under the supervision of faculty during the spring semester.

[/academics/programs/accounting/tax-prep.aspx]
manicure [/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-salon-at-cod.jpg]


THE SALON @ COD

Located in the Addison Center, cosmetology students provide a full complement of
aesthetic services including manicures, spa treatments, facials, hair coloring
and more.

[/academics/programs/cosmetology/salon.aspx]
ultrasound [/_resources/img/three-column-card/ultrasound.jpg]


FREE ULTRASOUNDS

Receive a free ultrasound during select sonography lab courses, which allows
students to gain valuable hands-on learning experience.

[/academics/programs/sonography/volunteers.aspx]


ATHLETICS

student working out [/_resources/img/three-column-card/fitness-center.jpg]


CHAPARRAL FITNESS CENTER

Open to community residents, the state-of-the-art fitness center features a
fitness floor, indoor running track, basketball courts, eight-lane lap pool and
locker facilities.

[https://gochapsgo.com/sports/2018/11/20/fitness-center.aspx]
Fans in stadium [/_resources/img/home/current-students.jpg]


SPORTING EVENTS

Cheer on COD's 15 competitive teams that continually take high honors in
conference, state and national competitions, including top 10 national rankings.

[https://gochapsgo.com/]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/community-offerings/index.pcf]