https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

how do i apply financial aid image [/_resources/img/hero/indoor-male-stock.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Financial Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/]Steps to Apply


STEPS TO APPLY FOR FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Attendance and Financial Aid'
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/attendance-and-financial-aid.aspx]
 * Contact Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/contact.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Dates
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Forms
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/index.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Policies [/costs/financial_aid/policies/index.aspx]
   * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
   * Return of Title IV Aid
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx]
   * Rights and Responsibilities
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx]
   * Satisfactory Academic Progress
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Terms
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-terms.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Verification
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/fafsa-verification.aspx]
 * General Eligibility Requirements
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx]
 * Understanding Your Offer Letter
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/offer-letter.aspx]
 * Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]

Federal student aid is money from the federal government that helps you pay for
college, career school or graduate school expenses. Federal student aid is
available through grants, work-study funds, scholarships and loans.

Before you begin to apply for financial assistance. you will need to make sure
you meet the financial aid eligibility requirements
[https://studentaid.gov/understand-aid/eligibility]. You must also verify that
you are enrolled in an eligible degree/certificate program
[/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx] at College of DuPage.

To apply for financial aid, you need to complete the Free Application for
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form by logging in at fafsa.gov. 
[https://www.fafsa.gov]The steps to apply can help you get started. If you are
need further assistance  sign-up for a financial aid workshop
[/costs/financial_aid/workshops.aspx ]or contact the Office of Student Financial
Assistance at (630) 942-2251.

Step One Step Two Step Three
Step One
 * Apply for a Federal Student Aid ID [https://studentaid.gov/] (FSA ID).
 *  If you are a dependent student, for financial aid purposes, one parent will
   also need to apply for a FSA ID.
 * File your Free Application for Federal Student Aid
   [https://studentaid.gov/](FAFSA). A FSA ID is required to electronically sign
   your FAFSA.
 * COD's school code is 006656.
 * Ideally, you should file your FAFSA as soon after October 1 as possible.
 * Complete your College of DuPage Admissions Application
   [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Step Two
 * After submitting your FAFSA, provided you have completed your admissions
   application, the Office of Student Financial Assistance will receive your
   FAFSA results electronically in about three to four business days.
 * Once your results have been received the Office will contact you directly
   through your COD email address.  Based on your results, you may be required
   to submit additional verification
   [https://cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/fafsa-verification.aspx] documents.
   * If you were not aware you had a COD email address, read more 
     [https://cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email_guide.aspx]on
     how to access your COD email.
 * Any verification documents requested will be updated in your Financial Self
   Service
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/pdf/navigate_self_service.pdf]. 
 * To access the required verification documents:
   
   1)      Log into inside.cod.edu [http://inside.cod.edu/]
   
   2)      Click on myACCESS for Students
   
   3)      Click on Financial Aid
   
   4)      Click on Financial Aid Self Service
   
   5)      Select the correct school year
   
   6)      Under Checklist, click on “Complete Required Documents”

 * NOTE: All communication will be via your COD email address.  It is your
   responsibility to check your COD email address regularly.

Step Three
 * Submit all requested verification documents to the Office of Financial
   Assistance in a timely manner. Delays in submitting your verification
   documents may delay the processing of your award letter.
 * Once all documents have been processed and reviewed, you will receive another
   email, via your COD email address, notifying you of your offer letter. The
   normal processing time is about two to three weeks.  The processing time may
   be longer during peak times.
 * Your offer letter
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/offer-letter.aspx] will be updated in
   your Financial Aid Self Service. Your offer letter will notify you of the
   types of financial aid you are eligible to receive.


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

The following are some of the most commonly asked questions about financial aid.

How do I apply for financial aid?

Your first step in applying for financial aid is to complete the Free
Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
[https://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa]. In order to complete the
application, you will need to have your federal tax return accessible. Complete
the application as early as possible
[/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx] to maximize your
aid.

If you want to apply for scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx], you will
need to apply at cod.academicworks.com [https://cod.academicworks.com/].

How can I check the status of my financial aid?

You can check your financial aid status by logging into your Financial Aid Self
Service. Go to inside.cod.edu
[https://adfs.cod.edu/adfs/ls/?wa=wsignin1.0&wtrealm=urn%3ahttps%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu&wctx=https%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu%2f_layouts%2f15%2fAuthenticate.aspx%3fSource%3d%252F&wreply=https%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu%2f_trust%2fdefault.aspx]
> myaccess for students > Financial Aid > Financial Aid Self Service.  In your
Financial Aid Self Service, you can complete and upload any required documents
that may be needed and view your financial aid offer letter.

Am I eligible to receive financial aid if I am not a full-time student?

You must be enrolled in a minimum of six credit hours
[/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx] to
receive some form of financial aid.

The financial aid amounts listed on your award letter will be based on full-time
enrollment of 12 credit hours or more. If you are unable to enroll as a
full-time student, the amount of your financial aid award will be prorated
accordingly based on the following enrollment status:

 * Full-time student: 12 credit hours or more
 * Three-quarter time student: 9 to 11 credit hours
 * Half-time student: 6 to 8 hours
 * Less than half-time student: 1 to 5 credit hours

For Federal Direct Loans [/costs/financial_aid/student-loans.aspx], you need to
be enrolled in a minimum of six credit hours.

Note: Students who have a high Expected Family Contribution (EFC) may need to be
enrolled full-time to receive their Federal Pell Grant.

Do I have to enroll in a payment plan in order to use my financial aid?

College of DuPage requires students not fully covered by financial aid or
military benefits to enroll in a payment plan or pay their account balance by
the payment due date. View our payment policy
[/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx] for more information. 

Can I use financial aid to purchase books?

If you have additional financial aid funds in excess of your tuition and fees,
you may be eligible to purchase your books at our campus Bookstore
[/academics/bookstore.aspx] during our Bookstore Dates.

Bookstore Dates typically open one week prior to the start the semester. You
must have a financial aid offer letter and funds in excess of tuition. The
available amount for book purchases can be found in your Inside COD Portal under
Financial Aid by clicking on “Available Amount for Book Purchase.” 

What documents are missing in my financial aid file and why is it considered
incomplete?

You can check the status of your financial aid in your Financial Aid Self
Service.

Once all completed forms have been received by the Office of Student Financial
Assistance, there is a two to three week processing time. Please watch your COD
email for updates.

If you have questions about forms or why they are incomplete, contact the Office
of Student Financial Assistance directly at (630) 942-2251. You can also
email financialaid@cod.edu [financialaid@cod.edu].

Can I use my financial aid on all of my courses?

The amount of financial aid disbursed is based on the number of eligible credit
hours you are enrolled in for each semester. Eligible credit hours refers to the
classes that are required for the degree or certificate you are pursuing at
College of DuPage.

Classes that fall outside of your specific degree program – whether it be
prerequisites or transfer requirements – are not counted when determining your
financial aid disbursement amount.

Contact Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
[/student_life/resources/counseling/] to ensure you are enrolled in the correct
classes for your degree or certificate.

Note: If you are enrolled in the 3+1 Program [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx],
financial aid disbursed at COD is based on classes that are required for an
Associates Degree at COD. Additional classes outside of an Associates Degree are
not eligible for financial aid at COD since they are not classes required for
the Associates Degree. 

When will I receive a refund on my financial aid?

Financial aid refunds are processed after your classes have started and your
attendance has been verified. Visit Financial Aid Dates
[/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx] for disbursement
dates. You may receive a refund if you have additional funds remaining in excess
of your tuition, fees and bookstore purchases. You will receive your refund
10-14 days after the refund is posted to your student account.

The Cashiers Office [/costs/tuition/cashiers-office.aspx] will contact you
through your COD email address to confirm the status of your refund. Students
are strongly encouraged to enroll in eRefunds through your Inside COD Portal. If
you are not enrolled, you will receive a paper check refund.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Financial Assistance
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2220
(630) 942-2251
Email: financialaid@cod.edu [financialaid@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-2151

Regular Hours

 * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.instagram.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Facebook logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.facebook.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Twitter logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@CODFinancialAid [https://www.twitter.com/CODFinancialAid]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/index.pcf]