https://www.cod.edu/about/
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Campus photo [/_resources/img/hero/fountain-daytime-bic-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD


ABOUT COD

Since its inception in 1967, College of DuPage has matured into something
special. COD is a community college with far-reaching impact. We are rooted in
the community that supports our mission, yet we continually strive to keep up
with the needs and demands of an ever-changing world. 

 * From our faculty to our Board of Trustees, COD understands the importance of
   maintaining relevance on all levels: interpersonal, academic, civic, cultural
   and economic.
 * With a steady eye on regional, national and international developments,
   College of DuPage fulfills its mission as an educational and economic agent
   of change for the residents it serves.
 * Beyond all other considerations, we are educators; we believe there are few
   things more powerful than a mind engaged. We are excited by the possibilities
   ignited when knowledge is imparted through meaningful discourse, in the
   service of realizing each and every one of our community member's full
   potential.

Discover more about the world-class institution available to you and your
family, right here in DuPage County. 

president talking to group of people
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/president-brian-caputo-talking.jpg]


LEADERSHIP

Meet President Dr. Brian Caputo and members of the Board of Trustees.

[/about/leadership.aspx]
students laughing outside
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/outside-students-laughing.jpg]


VISITOR INFORMATION

View campus maps, facility hours and off-site location information.

[/about/visitor-information/index.aspx]
aerial shot of chappy fountain
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/aerial-view.jpg]


CAMPUS DEPARTMENTS

Find information on campus services that help keep COD functioning on a daily
basis.

[/about/campus-departments/index.aspx]


OUR COMMITMENT TO STUDENTS AND THE COMMUNITY

In order to fulfill our duty as responsible stewards of a valuable resource, we
profess the following statements as guiding principles in all that we hope to
achieve in service of the community at large.

Mission and VisionValuesInstitutional Philosophy
Mission and Vision


MISSION

The mission of College of DuPage is to educate, enrich and empower our
communities for success.


VISION

College of DuPage will be the primary college district residents choose for high
quality education.

Values


INTEGRITY

 * We expect the highest standard of moral character and ethical behavior.


HONESTY

 * We expect truthfulness and trustworthiness.


RESPECT

 * We expect courtesy and dignity in all interpersonal interactions.


RESPONSIBILITY

 * We expect fulfillment of obligations and accountability. 


EQUITY

 * We strive to remove barriers to empower all to achieve their goals.  

Institutional Philosophy


COD BELIEVES IN THE POWER OF TEACHING AND LEARNING

 * We endorse the right of each person to accessible and affordable
   opportunities to learn and affirm the innate value of the pursuit of
   knowledge and its application to life. Our primary commitment is to
   facilitate and support student success in learning.


COD IS COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE

 * We seek quality in all that we do. To ensure quality, we are committed to
   continual assessment and self-evaluation.


COD VALUES DIVERSITY

 * We seek to reflect and meet the educational needs of the residents of our
   large, multicultural district. We recognize the importance of embracing
   individual differences and cultures and value the contributions made to the
   College by people of all ethnic and cultural backgrounds. We affirm our role
   as a catalyst for promoting dialogue and tolerance on issues supporting the
   common good. 


COD PROMOTES PARTICIPATION IN PLANNING AND DECISION MAKING

 * We support participatory governance and the involvement of the College
   community in the development of a shared vision. We believe that all
   students, staff, and residents can make meaningful contributions within a
   respectful environment that encourages meaningful discourse. We strive to
   build an organizational climate in which freedom of expression is defended
   and civility is affirmed.


COD VALUES FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION

 * We recognize the need for freedom of expression and that facts, arguments,
   and judgments should be presented, tested, debated, challenged, deliberated
   and probed for their objective truth in the marketplace of ideas.


COD WILL BE A BENEFIT TO STUDENTS AND COMMUNITY

 * The needs of our students and community are central to all we do.




COLLEGE OF DUPAGE BY THE NUMBERS

student running and hitting hands
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/component-four-card-alternate/male-student-life-celebrating.jpg]

20,000+
Students Attend COD

two students working together on a project
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/component-four-card-alternate/two-students-homework.jpg]

22:1
Student to Faculty Ratio

Mascot wearing a graduation hat
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/component-four-card-alternate/chappy-grad.jpg]

150+
Areas of Study

Male student working on a laptop in the library
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/component-four-card-alternate/male-student-computer-library.jpg]

177
Certificate Programs

Discover More Facts About COD [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]



 


RESOURCES AVAILABLE TO COMMUNITY MEMBERS



two women shopping the greenhouse sale
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/slider/greenhouse-sale.jpg]





College of DuPage is a valuable resources to residents of DuPage County. Local
businesses and community members can take advantage of a programs and services
offered by the College.

In many COD programs, students use learning labs that provide them with real
world experience by serving the community through offerings like the Dental
Hygiene Clinic, Massage Clinic, the Salon@COD cosmetology clinic or free tax
preparation from accounting students.



Find Services Provided by COD Students [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]



 

 


STUDENT AND ALUMNI STORIES

Jhenevie Oca smiling in an office
[/about/stories/students/images/jhenevie-oca.jpg]

"While the Nursing program really pushed us, the faculty genuinely cared about
the students and wanted us to succeed." - Jhenevie Oca

Read Student and Alumni Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]


FACULTY STORIES

Shelly Mocchi smiling infront of interior design work in hallway
[/about/stories/faculty/images/shelly_mocchi.jpg]

"I chose to teach because I find so much joy helping others come up the ranks of
our profession" - Shelly Mocchi

Read Faculty Stories [/about/stories/faculty.aspx]


STAFF STORIES

Raul Valladares standing infront of police car
[/about/stories/staff/images/valladares-raul.jpg]

"Every time I wear my uniform, I am representing not only myself, but also the
police department and the College whether I am conducting specialized training
or coaching student workers." - Raul Valladares

Read Staff Stories [/about/stories/staff/valladares-raul.aspx]


OUTSTANDING FACULTY MEMBERS

Theo Darden standing in lab [/about/stories/faculty/images/theodore_darden.jpg]

"It's all about the idea of keeping their flames lit, jumpstarting their
curiosity, and encouraging them to think beyond their own socialization. If you
keep students engaged, curious, and open-minded, that’s education." - Theo
Darden

Read Outstanding Faculty Member Stories
[/about/stories/outstanding_faculty/index.aspx]


OUTSTANDING GRADUATES

Aby Cardenas Arcila holding a dress she designed
[/about/stories/students/images/aby_cardenasarcila.jpg]

“When I came to campus for the first time and saw the display cases full of
student work in the Fashion Studies area, I fell in love with the program. There
was nothing like it at home." - Aby Cardenas Arcila

Read Outstanding Graduate Stories
[/about/stories/outstanding-graduates/index.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


SUPPORT COLLEGE OF DUPAGE

Honor a faculty member, contribute to a program or inspire a current student and
make a donation to the College of DuPage Foundation
[https://foundation.cod.edu/]. Donations are used for program and student
tuition support.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/index.pcf]