https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/csdi/affiliations.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


AFFILIATIONS

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Center for Student Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/csdi/]Affiliations
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Affiliations [/student_life/resources/csdi/affiliations.aspx]
 * Black History Month
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/index.aspx]
   * Faculty Resources
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/bhm_faculty_resources.aspx]
 * Current Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/current_students.aspx]
 * Glossary of Terms [/student_life/resources/csdi/terms.aspx]
 * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
 * Latino Outreach [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index.aspx]
   * Centro Latino de College of DuPage
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
   * Hispanic Resources
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/resources.aspx]
   * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
   * Informacion Para Los Padres
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/parent_info_spanish.aspx]
 * New Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/new_students.aspx]
 * Positive Voices [/student_life/resources/csdi/video.aspx]
 * Undocumented Student Resources
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/undocumented-student-resources.aspx]


COD DIVERSITY INITIATIVES


LGBTQ ENGAGEMENT DIRECTIVE [/student_life/resources/lgbtq/index.aspx]

Supports belonging, respect, value and unity for lesbian, gay, bisexual,
transgender, gender fluid, queer / questioning, intersex, asexual and allied
populations. Safe zone training is provided to make classrooms and/or offices
welcoming to LGBTQ students on campus.


IRON SHARPENS IRON

(men’s development program)

Designed for all male students at College of DuPage to foster growth through
healthy and positive relationships. We work to develop academic, social,
personal and professional skills while engaging young men with encouraging and
strategic workshops, directions and networking opportunities.


WOMEN TOGETHER

(women’s development program)

Designed for all female students at College of DuPage to foster growth through
healthy and positive relationships. We work to develop academic, social,
personal and professional skills while engaging young women with encouraging and
strategic workshops, directions and networking opportunities.


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE LATINO OUTREACH CENTER
[/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index.aspx]

The goal of the Latino Outreach Center is to recruit retain and transition
Hispanic students beyond College of DuPage. Our focus is to be an extension of
"la familia" here at College of DuPage while you pursue your education. However,
we serve all students that walk through our door and provide a sense of
community in a large institution. 


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE STUDENT LIFE [/student_life/index.aspx]

Student Activities provides a supportive, values-based environment that helps
students get the most out of their College of DuPage experience as well as
prepares them to be active leaders in a complex and ever-changing society. Our
Student Life staff coordinates the college’s Living Leadership Program and helps
students involved with clubs and organizations.


COLLEGE OF DUPAGE BLACK STUDENT ALLIANCE
[https://cod.presence.io/organization/black-student-alliance]

Formerly the African American Student Alliance

Through meetings, events, and advocacy, the club will encourage socialization,
offer growth and support, and foster academic excellence to the Black student
body at COD.

 


OTHER AFFILIATES


360 YOUTH SERVICES [https://www.360youthservices.org/about-us/]

360 Youth Services provides life-changing services through substance abuse
prevention education, counseling and offers Men’s, Women’s and LGBTQ+ (lesbian,
gay, bisexual, transgender, queer or questioning) Transitional Housing Programs.


ARGONNE NATIONAL LABORATORY [http://www.anl.gov/diversity-inclusion]

 


UNIVERSITY PARTNERSHIPS


AFRICAN AMERICAN EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUP

As one of the world's leading research and development institutions, Argonne
brings together a diverse set of individuals from many backgrounds and nations.
Argonne's employees contribute a wide range of experiences, ways of thinking and
problem-solving styles. This rich diversity is key to the laboratory's success
in discovery and innovation.


100 BLACK MEN [http://100bmc.org/]

A professional organization that works to improve the quality of life and
enhance the educational opportunities of African-American males throughout the
Greater Chicago area.


DUPAGE COUNTY NAACP [http://dupagecountynaacp.org/about-us/]

The mission of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
(NAACP) is to ensure the political, educational, social and economic equality of
rights of all persons and to eliminate racial hatred and racial discrimination.


EMBODI: EMPOWERING MALES TO BUILD OPPORTUNITIES FOR DEVELOPING INDEPENDENCE
[http://www.dstglenellyn.org/educational-development/]

A program designed to refocus the efforts of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority,
Incorporated, of Glen Ellyn Illinois with the support and action of other major
organizations, on the plight of African-American males. EMBODI addresses issues
related to STEM education, culture, self-efficacy, leadership, physical and
mental health, healthy lifestyle choices, character, ethics, relationships,
college readiness, fiscal management, civic engagement and service learning.


THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF DIVERSITY OFFICERS IN HIGHER EDUCATION
[http://www.nadohe.org/]

NADOHE is an educational organization that serves as the preeminent voice for
diversity officers in higher education by supporting our collective efforts to
lead institutions toward the attainment of the following goals:

 * Produce and disseminate empirical evidence through research to inform
   diversity initiatives
 * Identify and circulate exemplary practices
 * Provide professional development for current and aspiring diversity officers
 * Inform and influence national and local policies
 * Create and foster networking opportunities


DIVERSE ISSUES IN HIGHER EDUCATION [https://diverseeducation.com/]

Our mission is to provide our audience information that is honest, thorough and
balanced. Diverse seeks to be a catalyst for change, and our ultimate objective
is to contribute to the building of educational, cultural, social and economic
structures that will allow every individual to achieve his or her full human
potential and contribute to the greater good of the community and the nation.

 

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Center for Student Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (CSDEI)
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2225E

David A. Swope Sr.
Manager, Student Diversity Equity and Inclusion
(630) 942-2565 
Email: swoped28@cod.edu [swoped28@cod.edu]
Office Hours: Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codstudentdei [https://instagram.com/codstudentdei/]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/csdi/affiliations.pcf]