https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/speech-communication/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students in Speech Communication Class
[/_resources/img/hero/speechcommunication-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Speech Communication Program


SPEECH COMMUNICATION PROGRAM

The Speech Communication program offers a variety of speech courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/speec/] specifically designed by faculty
experts to prepare students to be successful during their academic career as
well in almost all occupations.

Speech classes are a great way to develop career skills, whether you are a
speech major or simply exploring the field as part of your general education.
Skills include group interaction strategies, poise and confidence in public
speaking, productive techniques for conflict resolution, the artistic
development of creativity and interactive approaches to corporate culture and
public relations.

Students can also benefit from participating in the Forensics (Speech and
Debate) Team [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/index.aspx]. Activities include
oral interpretation, public speaking and readers theater. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

From disc jockey to college administrator, from youth counselor to campaign
director, from television personality to real estate developer, careers in
speech are as diverse as the people who make up our culture.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

The Speech Communication program offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of education and professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities and resources.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention from
   instructors.
 * Articulated partnerships with respected four-year colleges and universities.
 * An award-winning Forensics Team
   [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/index.aspx] and two-year division champ at
   the Illinois All-State Speech and Debate Tournament.

Degrees


SPEECH COMMUNICATION

The Speech Communication Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/speech-communication/speech-communication-transfer-pathway-aa/]prepares
students to transfer to a baccalaureate institution.


EXPLORE SPEECH COMMUNICATION

Student giving speech in class
[/_resources/img/video/speech-communications.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/6tpNX7pSvvw?rel=0

The Speech Communication program at COD offers courses specifically designed by
faculty experts to prepare students to be successful during their academic
career as well as professionally in most all occupations.


JOIN THE FORENSIC TEAM

The Forensic (speech and debate) Team at College of DuPage has consistently won
top honors at the national level tournaments for two-year and four-year
institutions, including top honors at the Illinois Intercollegiate Forensics
Association State Tournament, Cerritos Invitational (California), Gorlok Gala
(St. Louis), Phi Rho Pi Two-Year National Championships, Pi Kappa Delta
Nationals, Novice Nationals, and the American Forensics Association National
Tournament.

Many students have gone on to compete at four-year institutions and earn
academic and competitive scholarships. Many team members have reached the top of
their career fields, ranging from law to accounting, health care and
entertainment. Both John and Jim Belushi are former members of the team.



Join the Forensics Team [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/index.aspx]



 


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in speech communication is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Speech Communication Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/speech-communication/speech-communication-transfer-pathway-aa/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in Speech will:

 * Understand human behavior and the communication process in various contexts
 * Explain communication theories in the creation of messages for diverse
   audiences
 * Construct and deliver both verbal and nonverbal messages for diverse
   audiences and purposes
 * Demonstrate critical evaluation skills in assessing messages for
   effectiveness  
 * Employ information literacy skills necessary for communicative purposes 


COD STORIES

Veronica Williams [/about/stories/students/images/veronica_williamshall.jpg]

“Being at COD has been a life-changing experience because at a community
college, school really becomes about you. Here at COD, success directly
correlates to how many times you fail, learn and pick yourself right back up." -
Veronica Williams

Veronica's COD Story [/about/stories/students/williamshall.aspx]


COD STORIES

Harry Bodell [/about/stories/students/images/harry_bodell.jpg]

“By choosing COD, you are making the best decision you could make and one that
others often regret not making. In addition to saving money and receiving an
excellent education in return, you will find COD to be a comfortable place to
explore your interests." -Harry Bodell

Harry's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bodell.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jill Kraatz [/about/stories/students/images/jill_kraatz.jpg]

“I honestly think I learned more from my professors at COD than I did at the
University of Iowa. Do not take your time at COD for granted. I didn’t fully
appreciate what I had at COD until I transferred to the University of Iowa.” -
Jill Kraatz

Jill's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kraatz.aspx]


COD STORIES

Melissa Entzminger [/about/stories/students/images/melissa_entzminger.jpg]

“The education I received at COD went beyond what was taught in the classroom. I
learned how to become an advocate for what I believe in and how to express my
ideas in an articulate manner." - Melissa Entzminger

Melissa's COD Story [/about/stories/students/entzminger.aspx]


COD STORIES

Stephen DeFalco [/about/stories/students/images/stephen_defalco.jpg]

“I walked out of two years at COD and two years at NIU with no student debt and
set up for success in my adult life. With any school you go to, it’s what you
make of it and you can make COD some amazing years you look back on fondly.” -
Stephen DeFalco

Stephen's COD Story [/about/stories/students/defalco.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication



Apply Now [http://admissions.cod.edu]

Contact the Speech Communication Program
[/academics/programs/speech-communication/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/speech-communication/current-students.aspx]



Summer Speech CoursesLearn More
[/academics/programs/speech-communication/summer-speech.aspx]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/speech-communication/index.pcf]