https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

optional disclosure image
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-campus-life-artscenter-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Administration
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/]Consumer Information
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/]


STUDENT OPTIONAL DISCLOSURE OF PRIVATE MENTAL HEALTH INFORMATION

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Administrative Procedures Manual
   [https://inside.cod.edu/employees/Documents/AdministrativeProceduresManual.pdf#search=procedures]
 * College Policies [/about/board_of_trustees/pdf-docs/board_policies.pdf]
 * Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program Biennial Review
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drug_alcohol_review.aspx]
 * Drug-Free Environment
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drugfree.aspx]
 * Equal Employment and Affirmative Action Policy
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/equal.aspx]
 * Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/ferpa.aspx]
 * Freedom of Information (FOIA)
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/index.aspx]
   * Public Records Information
     [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/information.aspx]
   * FOIA Request
     [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/request.aspx]
 * Net Price Calculator
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/net_price_calculator/index.aspx]
 * Student Right-To-Know
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/know.aspx]
 * Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.aspx]
 * Tobacco Free
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/tobacco-free.aspx]

Pursuant to Illinois’ Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health
Information Act, a student has the right to authorize the College, in writing,
to disclose his or her private mental health information to a person of the
student’s choosing.


ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES FOR COMPLIANCE WITH THE ILLINOIS STUDENT OPTIONAL
DISCLOSURE OF PRIVATE MENTAL HEALTH INFORMATION ACT

In accordance with the Illinois Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental
Health Act (the “Act”, P.A. 99-278), a student’s mental health information is
considered private in nature and will not be released to a third party without
that student’s prior written consent, unless otherwise provided by other state
or federal laws. 

A student who desires to authorize disclosure of certain private mental health
information about himself or herself to a designated person for purposes set out
in the Act must complete a Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health
Information Form
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/pdf/private_mental_health_info_form.pdf].
This form must be submitted to the Manager of Access and Accommodations at the
Office of Access and Accommodations
[/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]. This form will
remain valid until the student revokes his or her authorization by notifying the
College in writing that he or she is withdrawing this authorization.

In the event that a qualified examiner, who is employed by the College in that
capacity, determines that a student poses a clear danger to the student or
others, the qualified examiner will immediately contact Manager or his or her
designee to determine if that student has completed and provided the College
with a Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health Information form
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/pdf/private_mental_health_info_form.pdf]
designating a person to whom the College is authorized to disclose this
information.

If the student has filed a Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health
Information form
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/pdf/private_mental_health_info_form.pdf],
the qualified examiner shall, as soon as practicable but no more than 24 hours
after making the determination described above, attempt to contact and notify
the designated person that the qualified examiner has made a determination that
the student poses a clear, imminent danger to themselves, or others. The College
shall document any and all attempts of the qualified examiner to reach the
designated person.

The Dean of Student Development shall periodically review whether the College
employs a “qualified examiner” who is in a position to make the determinations
provided for in the Act.

Finally, consistent with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/ferpa.aspx], 20 U.S.C. § 1232g
and its regulations at 34 CFR § 99.36 (“FERPA”), the College may, in situations
where a health or safety emergency exists, disclose confidential personally
identifiable information about a student without his or her consent, to any
individuals the College reasonably determines to be in need of that information
for public health and safety reasons, subject to the conditions and limitations
set out in FERPA.

Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health Information form
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/pdf/private_mental_health_info_form.pdf]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.pcf]