https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/yancey.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: MAGGIE YANCEY

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Maggie Yancey
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Student Stories: Maggie Yancey
[/about/stories/students/images/margaret_yancey.jpg]


Major: Transfer

Maggie Yancey wanted to study journalism after watching Oprah Winfrey’s talk
show.

“Every day at 3 p.m., her interviews introduced me to influencers such as
journalists like Lisa Ling who were telling stories for those who couldn’t,
world influencers like Jeffery Sachs of the UN Millennium Goals, and
philanthropic influencers like Melinda Gates,” she said. “All of this influenced
my own path to study journalism and motivated my own professional endeavors
working in politics, nonprofit and, most recently, the government on renewable
energy.

“Throughout my career, it has been important for me to be someone who can tell
the stories of complicated issues, whether about a candidate, an environmental
disaster like the BP Deep Water Horizon oil spill, or how a government-awarded
prize has doubled the amount of renewable energy that a wave energy converter is
able to produce.”  

Yancey graduated a year early from high school to join the Peace Corps without
realizing she needed a bachelor’s degree to do so. She decided starting at
College of DuPage made sense financially and initially planned to stay for one
year.

During her first semester, Yancey enrolled in a speech class and gave an
informative presentation about global economics and poverty, topics she had
learned about from Winfrey’s shows. Professor Lauren Morgan was so impressed
that she suggested Yancey join the Speech team.

“The team consisted of other passionate individuals who were interested in
politics and the news and were self-motivated to propose solutions,” she said.
“I thrived in this environment because of the relationships I formed with my
teammates and coaches. I made incredible friendships, which are even stronger
now, and I decided to stay at COD for my associate degree because I wanted to
formally be a part of the institution that introduced me to the incredible
faculty and opportunities that I was enjoying.”

Forensics Program at COD [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/index.aspx]



The forensic coaches were so impressed with Yancey’s positive spirit and
leadership that they created The Maggie Award, named in her honor to recognize
others who best exemplify team leadership.

But Yancey’s experience at College of DuPage stretched beyond the Speech team.

“COD was the training ground I needed to pay attention to the relationships all
around me, and I could practice asking good questions,” she said. “The
professors were always willing and motivated to give extra help or introduce me
to a new activity, like the Model UN. If it wasn’t for COD, I probably would not
have competed collegiately on speech teams or traveled to the University of
Texas at Austin as part of our 2006 national runner-up team. And if it wasn’t
for my fellow teammates, I am not sure I would have known about the opportunity
to apply to be a Presidential Management Fellow, which occurred in 2015.”    

Yancey transferred to the University of Texas and earned a bachelor’s degree in
Journalism, then completed a master’s degree in Public Administration at the
University of Nebraska. She works for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Wind
Energy Technologies Office as a policy analyst working with community impacts
and outreach. Her focus on public service and interest in social issues,
especially environmental issues, led to career opportunities, including
legislative assistant for a member of the Texas House of Representatives;
legislative aide at McWilliams & Associates, the top grossing lobby firm in
Texas; and water resources campaign coordinator for the National Wildlife
Federation’s National Advocacy Center.

“My work in public service is motivated by my desire to serve the American
public and being intentional and thoughtful about solving the country’s most
complex problems related to environmental issues,” she said. “I grew up on the
Gulf Coast, and when the 2010 Deep Water Horizon Oil spill happened, this
directly impacted my family and proved to be catastrophic to some of my most
special places to visit. I learned that the government has the responsibility to
ensure justice is served and that fair and equitable settlements go to those who
suffered, like the oystermen who lost business because the oysters’ ecosystems
were destroyed.”  

Take advantage of the relationships around you, because they are some that will
last you a lifetime and begin a network that can transform your future.

Maggie Yancey

One of her most satisfying experiences was leading the communications and
outreach team for the Department of Energy’s 2016 Wave Energy Prize.

“Wave energy is produced by converting the energy from waves into electricity.
More than 50 percent of the U.S. population lives within 50 miles of coastline
and could take advantage of this untapped renewable resource,” she said. “At
DOE, our team led a competition to double the amount of energy that a wave
energy converter device can produce. The winning team surpassed the
competition’s goal of doubling energy, and the first prize will prove
transformative to the marine and tidal wave energy industry development. But the
experience also introduced me to a new passion: technology innovation.”

While her home agency remains the U.S. Department of Energy in the Wind Energy
Technologies Office, Yancey currently is on a federal detail at the National
Aeronautics Space Administration (NASA) as the entrepreneur development lead for
its Science Mission Directorate and the Space Technology Mission Directorate.
She is leading the Community Impacts Research and Outreach portfolio working on
climate change challenges connecting small businesses, entrepreneurs and
communities to wind energy innovation opportunities to provide clean, reliable
and low-cost power for the U.S. program.

In this role, she will be instrumental in expanding programs and support being
made available to entrepreneurs solving the space and terrestrial challenges. In
particular, she is leading the implementation of the National Science
Foundation’s (NSF) National I-Corps

Yancey is proud to be part of the College of DuPage legacy. She serves on the
Forensics Alumni Board and helped create a mentoring program for speech team
members. Yancey also was part of the College’s Distinguished Alumni Class of
2016. 

She advises any student interested in COD to make the most of the experience.

“You will have every opportunity to get engaged in incredible activities and
interact with top-notch professors and instructors who are selfless and willing
to be there for you in your student development,” she said. “Take advantage of
the relationships around you, because they are some that will last you a
lifetime and begin a network that can transform your future.”

 * Learn more about Transfer programs at College of DuPage
   [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
 * Learn more about the Speech Communication program at College of DuPage
   [/academics/programs/speech-communication/]
 * Learn more about the Mass Communication program at College of DuPage
   [/academics/programs/mass-communication/index.aspx]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/yancey.pcf]