https://www.cod.edu/slea/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
   [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png]/slea/index.aspx

 * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
 * Continuing Education [/slea/continuing_education/index.aspx]
 * History [/slea/history.aspx]
 * FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
 * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
 * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]

Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
[/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png] Suburban Law Enforcement
Academy [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png] /slea/index.aspx Menu
 * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
 * History [/slea/history.aspx]
 * FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
 * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
 * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]

police recruit photo
[/_resources/img/hero/police-academy-law-enforcement-training-heroimage.jpg]
Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA)


SUBURBAN LAW ENFORCEMENT ACADEMY (SLEA)

The Suburban Law Enforcement Academy is committed to providing the highest
standard of training to law enforcement and public safety agencies. With a
steady eye on regional, national and international developments, SLEA fulfills
its mission as an educational source for all law enforcement agencies in
northern Illinois and beyond. However SLEA cannot rest on its laurels, but must
be the leader in developing new ideas and training curriculum for the public
safety professional. SLEA is extremely proud of the solid reputation that it has
built in the law enforcement community from the dedicated hard working staff and
instructors.


MISSION STATEMENT

The Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) shall provide law enforcement
agencies with educational opportunities that are of the highest standard in
order to facilitate the delivery of professional public safety services. Through
the delivery of Basic Recruit Training, in compliance with the Illinois Police
Training Act, SLEA will provide law enforcement officers and support personnel
with the necessary foundation for career development. As part of the College of
DuPage/Continuing Education, SLEA recognizes the need to continually build the
capabilities of law enforcement to keep pace with ongoing and ever changing
societal needs and the challenges inherent in public service.

 


SLEA ON FACEBOOK



Homeland Security Training InstituteLearn More [/hsti/index.aspx]


SUBURBAN LAW ENFORCEMENT ACADEMY

Cadets lined up
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/slea_lineup_20181012wgnflyover.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/wOsPWALwKp0?rel=0

Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) prepares recruits for a successful
career in law enforcement.


ROBERT J. MILLER HOMELAND SECURITY EDUCATION CENTER

Homeland Security Education Center
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/top-level/homeland-security-education-center-exterior.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/uAmKRU1yEFk?rel=0

The Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center is a testament to COD's
commitment to providing student's access to the latest tools and facilities.

 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
   [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-white.png] /slea/index.aspx
 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) at College of DuPage 425 Fawell
   Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 Voice: (630) 942-2677 [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   Fax: (630) 942-3766

 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Emergencies & Severe Weather Info [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Veterans Services [/admission/veteran/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/slea/index.pcf]