https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/engineering/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students from the Robotics Team of the Engineering Club
[/_resources/img/hero/engineering-club-robot.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Engineering Program


ENGINEERING PROGRAM

College of DuPage offers multiple Associate in Engineering Science (AES) degrees
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/] designed to be equivalent
to the first two years at an engineering university. Students can pursue any
field of engineering through coursework
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/engin/] in civil, mechanical, electrical,
and computer engineering.

Engineering curriculum is hands-on to provide students with real-life exposure
to the profession:

 * Students design and build a catapult at the end of every semester in
   Engineering Graphics. In addition, students compete to build bridge designs
   in Statics.
 * Electrical and computer engineering students in Introduction to Digital
   Systems design and build projects such as games, security systems,
   stopwatches, calculators and computers. Students demonstrate these projects
   to the local community at the end of every semester at the Digital Systems
   Design Project Showcase.
 * Students in the Microcontrollers course design a fully autonomous smart car
   that is capable of navigating a maze or following a track.

COD has transfer agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/engineering.aspx] with
many college and universities, enabling students to transfer credits easily and
at a lower cost. Most students transfer to University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign, University of Illinois at Chicago, Illinois Institute of
Technology or Northern Illinois University, but many other schools both in and
outside of Illinois accept COD courses. 

The College also offers learning and networking opportunities for students
through the Society of Women Engineers
[/academics/programs/engineering/society-women-engineers.aspx] and the
Engineering Club [/academics/programs/engineering/engineering-club.aspx].


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Graduates with engineering degrees are in demand for the design and development
of new products, equipment, structures, processes, operations and managements of
all kinds of equipment and services.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in engineering or planning to transfer,
COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible course schedules with day and evening classes, online learning and
   accelerated hybrid classes.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * An innovative transfer program
   [/academics/transfer/programs/engineering.aspx] that facilitates a
   convenient, affordable and streamlined approach to earning a baccalaureate
   degree.
 * Opportunities to network and connect with local engineers through the Society
   of Women Engineers and the Engineering Club. 

Degrees

Students can earn an Associate in Engineering Science through the following
transfer pathways.

The transfer pathways outlined represent a typical course schedule/sequence for
a student planning to complete their AES degree within two years then transfer
and major in Engineering.

 * Bioengineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/bio-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Chemical Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/chemical-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Civil Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/civil-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Computer Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/computer-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Electrical Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/electrical-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Industrial Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/industrial-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Mechanical Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/mechanical-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]


EXPLORE MORE ABOUT ENGINEERING

engineering student and teacher working on a machine in the engineering lab
[/_resources/img/video/engineering-student-teacher.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/GjijmAcwkx8?rel=0

Hear from Engineering faculty and students to help determine whether the program
is right for you.


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in engineering is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Bioengineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/bio-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Chemical Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/chemical-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Civil Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/civil-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Computer Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/computer-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Electrical Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/electrical-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Industrial Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/industrial-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]
 * Mechanical Engineering Transfer Pathway, Associate in Engineering Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/engineering/mechanical-engineering-transfer-pathway-aes/]

Program Learning Outcomes

By the end of a Bachelor of Science, the Accreditation Board of Science and
Technology requires that an engineering graduate should have developed 11
different outcomes (a-k). These student outcomes are developed in different
courses over the entire engineering curriculum. In the 100 and 200 level
engineering courses of each degree, three outcomes are emphasized.

a. ability to apply knowledge of mathematics, science and engineering

e. an ability to identify, formulate, and solve engineering problems

k. an ability to use the techniques, skills, and modern engineering tools
necessary for engineering practice

These student outcomes are developed in all of the College of DuPage engineering
program’s courses and reinforced in courses at the 300 and 400 level. It is the
engineering program’s goal that students transferring from College of DuPage
will have achieved these three student outcomes.

 




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several engineering transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/engineering.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


COD STORIES

Matas Lauzadis [/about/stories/students/images/matas_lauzadis.jpg]

“College of DuPage gave me a clean slate. Beyond being an economical choice, the
school’s variety of resources and staff provided an unparalleled experience.” -
Matas Lauzadis

Matas' COD Story [/about/stories/students/lauzadis.aspx]


COD STORIES

Josie Suter [/about/stories/students/images/josie_suter.jpg]

“Through COD, I’ve gained the skills, experience and self-efficacy that I need
to be successful beyond college.”- Josie Suter

Josie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/suter.aspx]


COD STORIES

Robert Zill [/about/stories/students/images/robert_zill.jpg]

“The great thing about COD is the many gems among the faculty.” - Robert Zill

Robert's COD Story [/about/stories/students/zill.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jessica Halder [/about/stories/students/images/jessica_halder.jpg]

“Taking classes at COD influenced me to become more invested in math and
engineering, which ultimately made me realize that biological engineering is a
very good fit for me.” - Jessica Halder

Jessica's COD Story [/about/stories/students/halder.aspx]


COD STORIES

Reggie Martin [/about/stories/students/images/reggie_martin.jpg]

“College of DuPage helped me get to the next level and kept me moving forward.”
- Reggie Martin

Reggie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/martin_reggie.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Engineering Program [/academics/programs/engineering/contact.aspx]





Current Students [/academics/programs/engineering/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/engineering/index.pcf]