https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

woman giving glaucoma exam
[/_resources/img/hero/opthalmictechnician-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Ophthalmic Technician Program


OPHTHALMIC TECHNICIAN PROGRAM

Students earning the Ophthalmic Technician Associate in Applied Science degree
will continue on their career path after completing the Eye Care Assistant
prerequisite courses and gain skills for intermediate-level positions as
ophthalmology and optometric assistants under the supervision of licensed eye
care professionals.

Students expand on their eye care assistant knowledge through a variety of
ophthalmic technician courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/opth/]and
learn about clinical optics, biometry and systemic diseases. 

The Ophthalmic Technician degree program is a two-year program. After earning
the Eye Care Assistant certificate
[/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/index.aspx], students may continue their
education to earn an Associate in Applied Science degree in Ophthalmic
Technician. The program maintain strong clinical affiliations
[/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/clinical-affiliates.aspx] with
healthcare settings across the Chicago metropolitan area.

The Ophthalmic Technician Program is currently seeking initial accreditation
with International Council of Accreditation (ICA). Upon graduation, students may
sit for the Certified Ophthalmic technician (COT) exam with permission from the
ICA while seeking accreditation.



First Step to Register - Attend an Advising Session
[https://www.cod.edu/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Students graduate feeling prepared to work as intermediate level technicians and
under the direction of an ophthalmologist or optometrist in various clinical
settings including private, group and hospital ophthalmology departments. 

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

As an ophthalmic technician student at COD, you'll find:

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Hands-on laboratory and clinical instruction.
 * Program accreditation from the International Council of Accreditation (ICA)
   for Allied Ophthalmic Education Programs.

Degrees


OPHTHALMIC TECHNICIAN, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Ophthalmic Technician
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/ophthalmic-technician/ophthalmic-technician-aas/]
degree program prepares the student to be an integral member of the eye care
team.


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Ophthalmic Technician program is to
read the Ophthalmic Technician Registration Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/eye_opth.pdf]. The packet contains an
admission checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible for
admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Ophthalmic Technician, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/ophthalmic-technician/ophthalmic-technician-aas/]

Program Mission

The Mission of the Ophthalmic Technician Program is to:

 * To demonstrate reliability, self-discipline, cooperativeness, and
   professional deportment and demeanor in all activities related to Eye Care
 * To help students in developing life skills of critical thinking, effective
   communication, professional behaviors, as well as demonstrate safe & ethical
   practices
 * Provide curriculum that is built around the accreditation standards as well
   as enriching learning experiences for the students
 * Helping create professionals who are trained to preserve eye health by being
   a vital team member of the growing and in demand eye care field
 * To provide a hybrid learning structure for students to earn an Associate of
   Applied Science degree, which will prepare graduates to take the
   certification exam and to meet the needs of the community, as determined by
   the needs assessment which provided the basis for this program's
   establishment
 * To collaborate with student support services to market the profession of Eye
   Care and Ophthalmology, and advise potential program applicants, orient ECA
   Program and Ophthalmic Technician students to College services and provide
   special academic assistance where necessary

Program Learning Outcomes

Upon completion of the Ophthalmic Tech Program, the graduate should be able to:

 * To demonstrate and be skilled in diagnostic testing as required by the
   standards and guidelines of JCAHPO and CoA-OMP
 * To assist the ophthalmologist & optometrist by performing delegable tasks
 * Collecting data, administering treatment, assisting in ophthalmic surgical
   procedures, and supervising patients in a safe and effective manner deemed
   appropriate according to the training level and may be delegated by a
   supervising ophthalmologist as applicable by law
 * Become skilled professionals, qualified by didactic and clinical ophthalmic
   training, who perform ophthalmic procedures under the direction or
   supervision of a licensed ophthalmologist who is responsible for the
   performance of the ophthalmic medical technician
 * Render supportive services to the ophthalmologist, optometrist and management
 * Assist the physician by collecting data necessary to reach those decisions
   and by transmitting and executing the ophthalmologist's instructions
 * Have knowledge, problem-solving skills, psychomotor, behavioral, and clinical
   competencies as well as demonstrate clinical thinking
 * Skillfully and accurately perform the clinical diagnostic tests and patient
   services in conformation with the didactic curriculum
 * Relate tactfully and sympathetically to patients as adapt to patient's needs
 * Demonstrate proficiency in both written and spoken communication skills with
   patients, families and staff
 * Demonstrate the ability to contribute to the profession and community

Scope of Ophthalmic Personnel

The Joint Commission on Allied Health Personnel in Ophthalmology (JCAHPO)
credentials set the profession's standards for ensuring the knowledge and
competence of practicing Allied Ophthalmic Personnel (AOP) and are recognized as
the most respected global credential for AOP.

The Eye Care Assistant program at College of DuPage will focus on JCAHPO
credentials of the Certified Ophthalmic Assistant (COA).

As part of the allied health profession, Allied Ophthalmic Personnel (AOP) are
one of the members of the professional team of eye care providers. Certified AOP
perform assigned procedures under the direction or supervision of a physician
licensed to practice medicine and surgery and qualified in ophthalmology. AOP
are not independent practitioners and may not diagnose, teat eye disorders or
prescribe medications. They can supply vital information to the physician, who
is treating patients, and may assist in areas such as surgery, patient education
and compliance.

Some of the most common tasks performed by AOP at all levels of certification
include:

 * Taking patient histories
 * Maintaining instruments
 * Providing patient services
 * Taking eye measurements
 * Administering tests and evaluations
 * Performing a variety of clinical tasks

JCAHPO certifications and examinations include knowledge and performance of
techniques in the administration of eye drops, ointments, and irrigating
solutions to the eye, and knowledge about oral medications and non-invasive
techniques. It is not within the scope of JCAHPO certification and examination
to evaluate the performance of any injection technique or similar invasive
procedure when needles, trocars, cannulas, or instillation devices are placed
within and beneath tissue surfaces.

While certification is an important indication of your knowledge and skill,
remember that JCAHPO does not guarantee the job performance or express an
opinion of the competence of individuals who have achieved certification.

The Certified Ophthalmic Assistant (COA) is the entry level core designation
designed to start eye care professionals on the path to success. The COA
designation confirms an assistant's knowledge in 19 specific content areas.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several ophthalmic technician transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/ophthalmic-technician.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


EYE CARE ASSISTANT AND OPHTHALMIC TECHNICIAN

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/eye-care-assistant.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/jkXPQ4cxliw?rel=0

Students earning the Eye Care Assistant Certificate program at COD will gain the
skills for entry-level positions as ophthalmic and optometric assistants.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Ophthalmic Technician Program
[/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/current-students.aspx]



Ophthalmic Technician Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/eye_opth.pdf]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/index.pcf]