https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hearing-instrument-dispensing/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

nursing student giving a hearing exam
[/_resources/img/hero/hearing-dispensary.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Hearing Instrument Dispensing
Program


HEARING INSTRUMENT DISPENSING PROGRAM

The Hearing Instrument Dispensary program prepares students for a career as a
hearing healthcare provider and hearing instrument specialist. During hearing
instrument dispensary courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hidp/],
students learn how to administer and interpret hearing tests, select and fit
hearing aids, adjust physical and electroacoustic parameters of hearing
instruments and recommend assistive listening devices.

This certificate program provides students with an understanding of anatomical
and physiological changes associated with hearing, as well as acoustics and
hearing sciences, clinical audiometry, aural rehabilitation, and professional
ethics. The program prepares hearing instrument specialist students for the
written and practical examinations required by the Illinois Department of Public
Health and is designed to meet the standard of competency outlined by the
Hearing Instrument Consumer Protection Act. 

College of DuPage Health Science programs maintain strong clinical affiliations
with healthcare settings across the Chicago metropolitan area. Students accepted
into the Hearing Instrument Dispensary program are placed in a clinical
practicum opportunity offering 250 hours of clinical instruction. Students who
earn the Hearing Instrument Dispensary certificate should currently have a
minimum of an associate's degree and have the desire to work as a hearing
instrument specialists/dispensers in the healthcare industry.

First Step to Register - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Hearing instrument specialists work together with audiologists in medical
settings, private practice, clinics, and retail venue in order to meet the needs
of the hard of hearing community. 

Why CODCertificate
Why COD

The continued growth in an ever-increasing aging population suggests an
increasing need for hearing instrument specialists well into the future. At COD,
students will find:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing state-of-the-art audiological equipment including a
   full-size soundbooth.
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.
 * The only program in the state of Illinois that offers a hands-on lab and
   clinical experience.

Certificate


HEARING INSTRUMENT DISPENSARY

The Hearing Instrument Dispensary program certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hearing-instrument-dispensary/hearing-instrument-dispensatory-program-certificate/]
prepares students for entry level position as a hearing health care provider.
Graduates of this certificate program are eligible to take their written and
practical Illinois Department of Public Health Licensure exam.


COD STORIES

Lindsey Doherty [/about/stories/students/images/lindsey-doherty.jpg]

"Be prepared to work, as understanding the science behind the technology is
going to help you in the long run. This program has really provided me with the
groundwork for growing this into a long-lasting career." - Lindsey Doherty

Lindsey's COD Story [/about/stories/students/doherty.aspx]


COD STORIES

Laura Kruppe [/about/stories/students/images/laura-kruppe.jpg]

"I have been able to help so many people hear better. It’s been an amazing
experience. I hope to continue to work with my patients and help the world
hear!" - Laura Kruppe

Laura's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kruppe.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

Get started in the Hearing Instrument Dispensing Program by reading the
registration packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/hidp.pdf]. The packet
contains an admissions checklist that you will need to follow in order to be
eligible for admission.



Program Costs
[/academics/programs/hearing-instrument-dispensing/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Hearing Instrument Dispensary, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hearing-instrument-dispensary/hearing-instrument-dispensatory-program-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Hearing Instrument Program graduates will:

 * Describe auditory pathways, peripheral and central
 * Interpret sound processing in the peripheral and central auditory system
 * Explain the anatomy and physiology of the peripheral auditory system, outer
   ear, middle ear, inner ear, and auditory nerve
 * Interpret cochlear mechanics and physiology
 * Explain the anatomy and physiology of the central auditory system: cochlear
   nucleus, superior olivary complex, nucleus of lateral lemniscus, inferior
   colliculus, medial geniculate body, and auditory cortex
 * Describe the structures and function of auditory efferent system and vascular
   system in the auditory pathway

Program Objectives

Graduates of the Hearing Instrument Dispensary program certificate are expected
to meet the following objectives:

 * Describe the anatomy and physiology of the human auditory system including
   auditory pathways, peripheral and central
 * Explain auditory sensations and interpret auditory perception of complex
   sounds
 * Demonstrate the basic principles of audiological assessment across the
   lifespan
 * Demonstrate interventions aimed at minimizing the communication difficulties
   associated with hearing loss in people of all ages
 * Demonstrate knowledge of hearing aid components and systems, electroacoustic
   evaluation, methods of prescribing hearing aid gains, and hearing aid signal
   processing
 * Describe hearing healthcare provider scope of service, licensure, workplace
   skills, resume writing and interviewing skills, professional ethics,
   employment settings, team membership and conflict resolution, universal
   precautions, culturally sensitive practice, and the psychosocial impact of
   hearing loss.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Hearing Instrument Dispensing Program
[/academics/programs/hearing-instrument-dispensing/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/hearing-instrument-dispensing/current-students.aspx]



Hearing Instrument Dispensing Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/hidp.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/hearing-instrument-dispensing/index.pcf]