https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/cit/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

man standing in front of computer server
[/_resources/img/hero/cit-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Computer and Information
Technology (CIT) Program


COMPUTER AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (CIT)

The Computer and Information Technology (CIT) program offers courses, degrees
and certificates to help prepare students to transfer to a four-year college or
pursue a career in a wide range of information technology (IT) fields including
computer systems and networking. CIT courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/cit/], degree programs and certificates are
closely aligned with leading technical industry certifications. This alignment
allows students to earn a technical degree while also preparing for relevant and
stackable technical credentials.

CIT certificates strategically provide students with various class combinations
ranging from six to 35 credits. With certifications, students can complete
milestone classes on the pathway to degree completion, allowing them to
concentrate on technical classes and skills in preparation for employment or
career advancement.

In addition to degree and certificates, CIT offers a variety of professional
training academies
[/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/index.aspx] through
Cisco, CompTIA Academy and Microsoft. These training academies are for students
interested in advancing their careers or for students who want to specialize in
a particular area of study and receive certification training prior to
graduation. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Education, certification, and technical skills related to computers, networking,
and security are essential for careers in desktop support, server
administration, network engineering, security, information technology, project
management, cloud software, and cyber security.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

The need for qualified professionals to engineer, implement, maintain,
troubleshoot, repair and secure computers, mobile devices and networked
information continues to grow. At College of DuPage, you'll find: 

 * Dedicated professors and instructors with a combination of technical industry
   experience, technical degrees, technical certifications and teaching
   experience.
 * IT training in excellent facilities, such as the Seaton Computing Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/scc.aspx] (SCC) and Berg
   Instructional Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx] (BIC).
 * Flexible schedules with morning, afternoon, evening and occasional weekend
   classes.
 * Hands-on experience using production-type equipment.
 * Affordable and accredited classes.
 * Industry approved, relevant, up-to-date curriculum.
 * Industry aligned technical certifications.
 * Articulated partnerships with accredited baccalaureate-granting institutions.
 * Stackable credentials that allow students to begin their career while growing
   their expertise.
 * Approved as a Cisco Networking Academy
   [/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/cisco-networking-academy.aspx],
   CompTIA Academy
   [/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/comptia-academy.aspx],
   VMware Academy, Microsoft Academy
   [/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/microsoft-academy.aspx]
   and Center for Cyber Defense Education
   [/academics/programs/cyber-defense/index.aspx].

Degrees


COMPUTER AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

The Computer and Information Technology Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/computer-information-technology-aas/]
degree is designed to provide a broad exposure to computers, operating systems,
networking, forensics and cybersecurity. Computer support, network design,
network security, voice and wireless deployment are emphasized, along with
maintenance and troubleshooting.

Students have the opportunity to earn eight or more stackable professional IT
certifications in addition to the Associate in Applied Science degree.


CYBERSECURITY AND DEFENSE

The Cybersecurity and Defense Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-defense-aas/]
degree provides a foundation in the principles of cybersecurity. Content focuses
on network security, device hardening and operating systems.

Students have the opportunity to earn up to eight or more stackable professional
IT industry certifications in addition to the Associate in Applied Science
degree.

Certificates


CIT CISCO CERTIFIED NETWORK ASSOCIATE

Upon successful completion of the Computer Information Technology (CIT) Cisco
Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cit-ccna-certificate/]
certificate, students will have gained hands-on experience installing,
operating, configuring, troubleshooting and securing routing and switching
networks. Additionally, these courses prepare student for the IT industry
certification Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA).


CIT NETWORKING PROFESSIONAL

The CIT Networking Professional
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cit-networking-professional-certificate/]
certificate provide students with advanced knowledge and hands-on experience
operating, configuring, troubleshooting and securing networks. Additionally,
these courses prepare student for the industry certification Cisco Certified
Network Professional (CCNP).


COMPUTER AND INTERNETWORKING TECHNOLOGIES

The Computer and Internetworking Technologies
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/computer-internetworking-technologies-certificate/]
certificate requires completion of 35 credits in 12 courses covering computer
maintenance, network routing, network switching, network security, routing and
switching, Voice over IP (VoIP) and computer forensics.


COMPTIA A+ AND NETWORK+ PC TECHNICIAN

The CompTIA A+ and Network+ PC Technician
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/comp-tia-a-network-pc-technician-certificate/]
certificate prepares students to work as computer support specialists.

Students are required to complete 11 credits in four classes related to computer
software, hardware maintenance, system upgrade and networking introduction. Upon
completion of the program, students are prepared for the CompTIA A+ and CompTIA
Network+ exams. Cybersecurity Specialist

This certificate provides seven classes in which 21 credits are earned in
alignment with the CIT department’s designation as a National Center of Academic
Excellence (CAE2Y).


CYBERSECURITY SPECIALIST

This Cybersecurity Specialist
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-specialist-certificate/]
certificate provides a foundation in basic principles of cybersecurity. It
covers function of networks, operating systems, and security principles. The
Cybersecurity Certificate prepares students for employment in entry level
position in information systems.


ENTERPRISE SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR

The Enterprise System Administrator
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/enterprise-system-administrator-certificate/]
certificate focuses on technical education and skills surrounding computer
operating system management and server management. The coursework includes
introductory and advanced configuration and troubleshooting. Students are
required to complete 15 credits in five classes. Voice Over IP (VoIP)
Specialist.

This certificate provides students with a foundation in the design,
installation, troubleshooting and use of Voice over IP related software and
hardware.

Students are required to complete 15 credits in coursework that includes Cisco
Voice over IP, LANs, routing and WANs.


SYSTEMS SUPPORT SPECIALIST

The System Support Specialist
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/system-support-specialist-certificate/]
certificate prepares students to work as Computer and Network Support
Specialists.

Upon completion, students are prepared for the following industrial
certifications: CompTIA A+, CompTIA Net+, and CompTIA Security+. This
certificate requires 17 credits in the courses listed below.


VOICE OVER IP TELEPHONY

The Voice Over IP Telephony
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/voice-over-ip-telephony-certificate/]
certificate provides the foundations in design, installation, and
troubleshooting, and use of Voice over IP related software and hardware. This
certificate requires 15 credits in the courses listed below.


COD STORIES

Jacques LaCour [/about/stories/students/images/jacques-lacour.jpg]

"In the current job market, there is a huge amount of work for cybersecurity and
networking people. Professor Tony Chen was the first person I met with at COD,
and I found myself returning there." - Jacques LaCour

Jacques' COD Story [/about/stories/students/lacour.aspx]


COD STORIES

Amy Wheeler [/about/stories/students/images/amy-wheeler.jpg]

"Don’t be afraid to ask for help, and don’t get discouraged. The professors in
the Computer and Information Technology program want you to succeed and go out
of their way to help answer your questions." - Amy Wheeler

Amy's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wheeler.aspx]


COD STORIES

Mark Littlefield [/about/stories/students/images/mark_littlefield.jpg]

"I would wholeheartedly tell someone to attend. I never felt like a number and I
had professors who always helped. COD is where I found my career path and where
I felt I truly belonged.” - Mark Littlefield

Mark's COD Story [/about/stories/students/littlefield.aspx]


COD STORIES

Marilyn Barrios [/about/stories/students/images/marilyn_barrios.jpg]

"At IIT I felt I had an advantage over other students due to my preparation
received from COD. The solid networking background helped me to understand more
complex concepts and made cybersecurity a logical choice for me.” - Marilyn
Barrios

Marilyn's COD Story [/about/stories/students/barrios.aspx]


COD STORIES

Michael Wagner [/about/stories/students/images/michael_wagner.jpg]

"COD enabled me to become CompTIA certified for A+ and Network+, and I earned
the Cisco CCNA Routing and Switching certification. I have earned five College
certificates within the Computer and Information Technology program and, to wrap
it all up, I’ve now earned my associate’s degree.” - Michael Wagner

Michael's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wagner_michael.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in computer and information technology is to
apply for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * CIT CCNA, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cit-ccna-certificate/]
 * CIT Networking Professional, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cit-networking-professional-certificate/]
 * CompTIA A+ and Network+ PC Technician, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/comp-tia-a-network-pc-technician-certificate/]
 * Computer and Information Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/computer-information-technology-aas/]
 * Computer and Internetworking Technologies, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/computer-internetworking-technologies-certificate/]
 * Cybersecurity and Defense, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-defense-aas/]
 * Cybersecurity Specialist, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-specialist-certificate/]
 * Enterprise System Administrator, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/enterprise-system-administrator-certificate/]
 * System Support Specialist, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/system-support-specialist-certificate/]
 * Voice Over IP Telephony, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/voice-over-ip-telephony-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Computer and Information Technology Program graduates will have knowledge and
skill sets in the following areas:

 * IT Fundamentals: Hardware, software, Application, Operating Systems,
   Terminology
 * Security: Application security. Cyber security, network security, Cyber
   security student club
 * Networking: Local Area Network, Wide Area Network, Wireless Network
 * Troubleshooting and critical thinking: Fault isolation, analytical reasoning,
   documentations
 * Providing students education opportunities with: Degrees, Certificates,
   transfer opportunities, industry certifications




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several computer and information technology transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/computer-information-technology.aspx]
in place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and
make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Computer and
Information Technology program.

How do I know if Computer and Information Technology is right for me?

If you are interested in building and repairing networks, Cisco or CompTIA
certification, computer forensics, and network security, the Computer and
Information Technology program is for you. 

If you are interested in programming, web development, game programming or
design, Excel, Access, SQL, Oracle or Linux or becoming computer literate, the
Computer and Information Science [/academics/programs/cis/index.aspx] is for
you.

If you are interested in Illustrator and Photoshop, you should consider the
Graphic Design [/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.aspx] program.

What is the difference between the CIT Associate and Applied Science degree and
certificate?

The CIT certificate program requires 44 credit hours in electronics, CIT, math
and CIS courses. The CIT degree program requires 48 hours (due to an additional
physics course), as well as 18 general education credit hours. The
associate degree is transferable to other four-year baccalaureate programs.

What types of certification training does College of DuPage offer?

College of DuPage houses three professional training programs
[/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/index.aspx] that offer
a wide variety of certification opportunities including Cisco Certification
Training, CompTIA Academy and Microsoft Academy. 

What types of skills are required for success in computer an information
technology?

If you are interested in a computer-related career, you should enjoy
problem-solving and working in teams. In addition, you should also be
detail-oriented, a quick learner, have excellent people skills and be able to
adopt new technologies quickly and efficiently.

If I'm interested in the Computer and Information program, what should be my
next step?

Meet with a faculty member [/academics/programs/cit/contact.aspx] to discuss
which CIT programs would work best for you or submit a question to a faculty
member [/academics/programs/cit/contact.aspx].

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now
[http://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Computer and Information Technology Program
[/academics/programs/cit/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/cit/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/cit/index.pcf]