https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

random letters used as a design
[/_resources/img/hero/english_creative_writing.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]English Programs
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/english/]Creative Writing


CREATIVE WRITING

Creative Writing at College of DuPage is a series of classes designed to help
writers develop their creative range and hone their voice and technique.
Creative Writing classes focus on the craft of writing, cover a diverse array of
genres and explore a multitude of writing techniques.

College of DuPage Creative Writing professors share decades of publishing
experience and classes are grounded in the workshop model. Students are actively
producing creative work and revising that work based on peer feedback.

The Creative Writing program offers students the opportunity to study poetry,
creative nonfiction, fiction, novel writing, nature writing and screenwriting.
Students also have the opportunity to work as part of the award winning literary
journal, The Prairie Light Review
[/student_life/publications/prairie_light_review/index.aspx]. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The study of creative writing is fundamental to many career fields from law to
marketing to video game production. Many writers work as communication
specialists or in technical fields. In addition to actively publishing creative
work, writers are in high demand in teaching, higher education, editing,
multimedia and web design, marketing, law, politics and business.



Find a Creative Writing Course
[/academics/programs/english/english-courses.aspx]



Why CODDegreesCertificateProgram Philosophy
Why COD

Whether you want to improve your creative writing skills or if you are planning
to transfer to a four-year baccalaureate-granting institution, COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of writing and publishing
   experience. Creative Writing professors share decades of publishing
   experience and classes are grounded in the workshop model.
 * Opportunity to study poetry, creative nonfiction, fiction, novel writing,
   nature writing and screenwriting.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Experience with actively producing creative work and revising work based on
   peer feedback.
 * Opportunity to work as part of the award winning literary journal, The
   Prairie Light Review
   [/student_life/publications/prairie_light_review/index.aspx].
 * Flexible course schedules with online, hybrid and face-to-face classes. 

College of DuPage is the first community college in Illinois to offer a
certificate in creative writing. 

Degrees


ENGLISH/CREATIVE WRITING TRANSFER PATHWAY, ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The English Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/english-transfer-pathway-aa/]
enables students to choose their own path of study including Creative Writing,
Film, Literature and Writing Studies and graduate with an Associate in Applied
Science degree. This track helps provides a seamless transfer to a
baccalaureate-granting institution.

Certificate


CREATIVE WRITING, CERTIFICATE

The Creative Writing, Certificate
[/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/sample-semester-plans.aspx] is
designed for students who want to develop or enhance their creative writing
skills and those interested in publishing creative writing pieces. It also
serves students interested in transferring to baccalaureate institutions with
undergraduate major and/or minor programs in Creative Writing. The program
aligns with courses in the 2+2 articulation agreement in Creative Writing with
Columbia College Chicago and Roosevelt University.

Beyond creative writers, the certificate provides an extra credential for those
in the business, law, nursing, marketing and other writing-intensive careers. It
also seeks to help students learn how to "tell the story" for a company or
professional growth.

The certificate seeks to expose learners to a variety of creative writing
genres, including poetry, creative nonfiction, drama, fiction, and
screenwriting.

Program Philosophy

We believe that the study of creative writing allows students to discover and
unlock their creative potential, opening the door to authentic self expression
and a deeper understanding of the world.

Our student-centered approach to teaching and learning seeks to nurture talent
and develop creative voice. The capacity for creative expression is key to
personal, academic and professional success and fulfillment.


CREATIVE WRITING CERTIFICATE FEATURED GRADUATE




GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Creative Writing is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * English Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/english-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Creative Writing, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/creative-writing-certificate/]
 * Professional Writing, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/professional-writing-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

By studying Creative Writing at College of DuPage, students will:  


EXPRESS AND EXCHANGE IDEAS IN CREATIVE WAYS

 * Use language creatively to achieve desired effects.
 * Demonstrate an understanding of how your intention and audience guide
   creative choice.
 * Respond to the creative texts produced by classmates to both improve and
   support each author's work.


DEVELOP CRITICAL THINKING SKILLS

 * Analyze creative techniques used by published authors to improve your own
   creative technique.
 * Apply terminology, practices, and theoretical methods associated with
   creative writing.
 * Communicate your understanding complexity, nuance, and deep meaning in
   creative works.


BUILD SOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE AND ETHICAL REASONING

 * Learn to value and express multiple perspectives and viewpoints by practicing
   the craft of creative writing.
 * Develop an awareness of how creative works help readers to learn about
   themselves and the world around them.

Meet the Creative Writing Program Faculty


TONY BOWERS

 * MFA: Columbia College Chicago
 * MA: National Louis University
 * BA: Columbia College Chicago

Tony Bowers [/faculty/websites/bowerst/index.aspx] is a published author and
serves as the co-chair of the creative writing committee. He holds an MFA in
Creative Writing from Columbia College and a Masters in Teaching from National
Louis University. He is the 2006 recipient of the Follett Fellowship in Creative
Writing and his short story collection On the Nine, was published by Vital
Narrative Press in 2015. He is hard at work on his first novel, A Dollar Short.


JASON SNART

 * PhD: University of Florida
 * MA & BA: University of Alberta

Dr. Jason Snart [/faculty/websites/snartj/index.aspx] is COD's English
Department Chair of Literature, Creative Writing, and Film. He earned his MA in
English with a specialization in creative writing from the University of Alberta
and his PhD in Literature from the University of Florida. He has published a
number of scholarly books, including The Torn Book (a study of the British
Romantic era poet and artist William Blake), in addition to two books on blended
learning (the combination of online and f2f teaching in the same course): Hybrid
Learning and Making Hybrids Work. In addition to Snart's continuing research in
the areas of online/blended writing instruction and course design, he regularly
publishes poetry and fiction in various literary magazines. Professor Snart
teaches a range of courses, including Intro to Creative Writing (Eng 2250),
Poetry Writing (Eng 2252), and British Literature from 1800 through the Present
(Eng 2221).


TRINA SOTIRAKOPULOS (SOTIRA)

 * Master Online Teacher Certification: University of Illinois
 * MA: Northern Illinois University
 * BA: Columbia College Chicago

The author of In Her Skin: Growing Up Trans and co-editor of the two-time indie
book award finalist Shifts: An Anthology of Women's Growth Through Change,
Professor Sotirakopulos [/faculty/websites/sotirakopulost/index.aspx] served as
the advisor of COD's art and literary journal, The Prairie Light Review, for
four years. She shares her knowledge of publishing and writing in both the
online and face-to-face learning environments. Her courses include Introduction
to Creative Writing (2250), Fiction Writing (2251), and Writing for Publication
(2261), along with Honors Composition II (1102), where she uses social justice
poetry to inspire academic research.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several English transfer opportunities
[/academics/transfer/programs/english.aspx] in place with four-year colleges and
universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


EVENTS FOR STUDENTS INTERESTED IN CREATIVE WRITING

Students can get an idea of what it is like to be employed as a creative writer
through the Creative Writing: On the Job Lecture Series
[/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/lecture-series.aspx] as they learn
how creative writing skills apply to career paths across multiple disciplines.

During the Writers Read Series
[/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/writers-read-series.aspx],
students have the opportunity to meet and listen to the work of a published
author. Writers Read Series events are free and open to the public. 

 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

I have thoroughly enjoyed taking Creative Writing courses. As a writer, the
classes have helped enhance my writing skills and overall help me better my
craft.   

Vanessa JasekCOD Alumnus


COD SUCCESS STORIES

Leslie Morgan [/about/stories/students/images/leslie_morgan.jpg]

"College of DuPage supported me every step of the way, solidifying my love for
literature and writing and applauding my drive to succeed." - Leslie Morgan

Leslie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/morgan.aspx]


COD SUCCESS STORIES

Sarah Kueking [/about/stories/students/images/sarah_kueking.jpg]

"The faculty provide everything for their students, from fun activities to
meeting new people, proper recognition of a job well done and educational help
when students need it." - Sarah Kueking

Sarah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kueking.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Creative Writing
program.

What are the prerequisites for Creative Writing?

While the first course in the sequence, Introduction to Creative Writing, does
not have a prerequisite, the genre writing courses require a Reading Placement
Test Score of Category 1.

Please also note that only students seeking an Associate in Arts along with the
Creative Writing Certificate will qualify for financial aid. Students are
encouraged to talk with Financial Aid to determine eligibility.

What skills will enhance future employment?

Courses in the Creative Writing Certificate incorporate employability skills,
which include the following objectives:

 * Learn to value and express multiple perspectives and viewpoints.
 * Develop writing skills for self and global understanding.
 * Use language creatively.
 * Demonstrate an understanding of intention and audience
 * Work collaboratively with others in group settings to improve content.
 * Create publishable texts through the process of invention, creation, and
   revision.
 * Apply terminology, practices, and theoretical methods associated with
   creative writing.
 * Analyze the writing market and select publishing options for texts.
 * Use communication skills developed in the program to participate in live
   events.

Who can I contact with questions on the Creative Writing?
 * Tony Bowers [bowerst@cod.edu] - (630) 942-2688
 * Jason Snart [snartj@cod.edu] - (630) 942-20343
 * Trina Sotirakopulos [sotirakopulost@cod.edu] - (630) 942-2177

If you are unable to contact a faculty member, messages may be left with the
Liberal Arts Division, Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06, (630)
942-2047.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact English [/academics/programs/english/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/english/current-students.aspx]



 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/index.pcf]