https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/radiography/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students using x-ray machine in radiography lab
[/_resources/img/hero/healthradiology-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Radiography


RADIOGRAPHY PROGRAM

In the Diagnostic Medical Imaging Radiography (DMIR) program, students will
learn about human anatomy and patient positioning for the purpose of producing
x-ray images of the human body.

Interactive and hands-on DMIR courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/dmir/] will teach students various aspects
of radiography including radiographic physics, radiographic equipment, film
critique, basic pathophysiology, radiation safety and patient care.

Upon completion, students will earn an Associate of Applied Science degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-radiography/radiologic-technology-aas/]
and feel prepared to sit for the American Registry of Radiologic Technologist
(ARRT) credentialing examination. In addition to the ARRT, students will be
eligible to apply for state licensure which is a state of Illinois requirement
as a condition of employment.

The Radiography program is approximately 24 months in length and begins in the
summer semester. DMIR classes and labs are held five days a week between the
hours of 7:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.


ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS

Enrollment in the Radiography program is by selected admission only. In order to
apply, you must follow the specific admission criteria before being admitted
into the program and follow the admission checklist located in the Radiography
Admission Packet.
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/radiography_packet.pdf] Acceptance into
Radiography is based on a merit evaluation.

Applicants must also apply [/admission/index.aspx] to College of DuPage.
Admission to the college does not guarantee acceptance into the program.

Learn more about the application process by watching the Virtual Advising
Session video [https://vimeo.com/548097581]and then completing the Advising
Session questionnaire
[/academics/programs/radiography/advising-questionnaire.aspx] to verify
completion of the session.



First Step to Apply - Watch the Advising Session Video
[https://vimeo.com/548097581]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Radiographers work in both clinical and hospital environments, primarily within
diagnostic medical imaging (radiology) departments, but also in other areas such
as emergency rooms, operating rooms, nurseries or patient rooms within a
hospital.

Why COD Degrees CertificatesMission Accreditation Status
Why COD 

Whether you are preparing for a career as a radiographer, planning to transfer
to a four-year baccalaureate-granting institution or updating your skills,
College of DuPage has the right program for you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience through
   clinical affiliates
   [/academics/programs/radiography/clinical-affiliates.aspx], certification and
   licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and with cutting-edge equipment.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable tuition [/academics/programs/radiography/program-costs.aspx] that
   gets you on the fast track to success without breaking the bank. 
 * Clinical affiliations
   [/academics/programs/radiography/clinical-affiliates.aspx] with healthcare
   clinics around the area. 
 * Program accreditation through the Joint Review Committee on Education in
   Radiologic Technology (JRCERT).

Degrees 


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL IMAGING RADIOGRAPHY

The Diagnostic Medical Imaging Radiography
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-radiography/radiologic-technology-aas/],
Associate in Applied Science degree program teaches students how to produce
high-quality diagnostic images of patients.

Upon successful completion of the program, students are eligible to apply for
certification through the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT).

Certificates

The following programs are advanced certificates that require the completion of
the Radiography program.


MAMMOGRAPHY

The Mammography
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-radiography/mammography-certificate/]
certificate is designed to provide students with the necessary skills to become
certified by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists and meet the
Mammography Quality Standards Act guidelines.


COMPUTED TOMOGRAPHY

Upon successful completion of the Computed Tomography
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-nuclear-medicine/computed-tomography-ct-certificate/]
certificate program, students are eligible to take the American Registry of
Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) for certification.


MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING TECHNOLOGY

The Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/magnetic-resonance-imaging-technology/magnetic-resonance-imaging-technology-certificate/]
certificate program is designed for graduates of a two-year radiography program.


RADIATION THERAPY

Upon successful completion of the Radiation Therapy
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/radiation-therapy/radiation-therapy-certificate/]
certificate, students are eligible to become certified by the American Registry
of Radiologic Technologists and practice as Radiation Therapy Technologists.


NUCLEAR MEDICINE

Nuclear Medicine is the scientific and clinical discipline involving the
diagnostic and therapeutic use of radionuclides. The Nuclear Medicine Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-nuclear-medicine/nuclear-medicine-technology-certificate/]
certificate involves clinical education. Upon successful completion of the
program, students are eligible for two certification boards: American Registry
of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) and Nuclear Medicine Technologist
Certification Board (NMTCB).

Mission

The primary purpose of the Radiography program is to educate students with
didactic, laboratory and clinical experience in preparation for the
administration of ionizing radiation to humans for diagnostic purposes. Program
policies and procedures are designed to meet or exceed those established by the
Joint Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology (JRCERT).

Graduates will demonstrate competency to meet state licensure, and/or
certification requirements defined by law for whole-body radiography, deliver
compassionate patient-centered care to a diverse population, demonstrate strong
critical thinking skills, and function as an integral member of a health care
team with competence and confidence.

Accreditation Status

The Radiography program is accredited through the Joint Review Committee on
Education in Radiologic Technology (JRCERT). Information regarding program
effectiveness can be found by visiting the JRCERT website at www.jrcert.org
[https://www.jrcert.org/]. 

The Radiography program was awarded 8 year accreditation in 2020.

 * Accreditation Letter
   [/academics/programs/radiography/pdf/dmir_accreditation_letter.pdf]
 * Program Effectiveness Data
   [/academics/programs/radiography/program-effectiveness-data.aspx]
 * Radiography Program Design
   [/academics/programs/radiography/pdf/dmir_program_design.pdf]
 * JRCERT Accredited Program Details
   [https://www.jrcert.org/programs/college-of-dupage/]


COD STORIES

Niki Spencer [/about/stories/students/images/niki-spencer.jpg]

"Having COD as a resource in our own backyards is a blessing—not only for young
people with dreams of earning a bachelor’s, who can take core curriculum for a
fraction of the price in state-of-the-art facilities, but also for adults who
are ready to take the next steps to a more fulfilling career." - Niki Spencer

Niki's COD Story [/about/stories/students/spencer.aspx]


COD STORIES

Shelli Thacker [/about/stories/faculty/images/shelli_thacker.jpg]

"Beyond the content of the course, I want my students to develop a passion for
the field of Radiography. I love the field and try to pass this on to my
students. I don’t just want them to be good radiologic technologists, I want
them to be exceptional radiologic technologists." - Shelli Thacker

Shelli's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/thacker.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Radiography program is to read the
Radiography Admissions Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/radiography_packet.pdf]. The packet
contains an admission checklist that you will need to follow in order to be
eligible for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/radiography/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Diagnostic Medical Imaging Radiography, A.A.S.
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-radiography/radiologic-technology-aas/]

Program Learning Outcomes


DEMONSTRATE CLINICAL COMPETENCE

 * Outcome 1: Students will position patients with accuracy.
 * Outcome 2: Students will select appropriate technical factors.
 * Outcome 3: Students will apply principles of radiation protection.


DEMONSTRATE CRITICAL THINKING SKILLS

 * Outcome 1: Students will demonstrate competency in image evaluation.
 * Outcome 2: Students will apply knowledge and skills to practical situations.
 * Outcome 3: Students will adapt to patient's condition when performing
   non-routine procedures.


DEMONSTRATE PROFESSIONAL AND ETHICAL BEHAVIOR

 * Outcome 1: Students will demonstrate professional behavior.
 * Outcome 2: Students will demonstrate ethical behavior.


COMMUNICATE EFFECTIVELY

 * Outcome 1: Students will demonstrate written communication skills.
 * Outcome 2: Students will demonstrate oral communication skills.
 * Outcome 3: Students will effectively demonstrate clinical communication
   skills.


PROGRAM EFFECTIVENESS

 * Program Effectiveness Data
   [/academics/programs/radiography/program-effectiveness-data.aspx]




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several radiography transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/radiography.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL IMAGING AND RADIOGRAPHY PROGRAMS

medical video image
[/_resources/img/video/diagnostic-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/aC2nIXRsQa4?rel=0

The curriculum of the COD Diagnostic Medical Imaging and Radiography programs
prepares students to become job ready as a technologist in either Radiography,
Sonography, Nuclear Medicine, or Radiation Therapy.


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Radiography
program.

What skills are necessary for the radiology field?

Radiology is the program for you if you enjoy working with people and have an
interest in healthcare and technology.

You will also need to have excellent oral, written and interpersonal
communication skills, good listening skills and hand dexterity and: 

 * Physical agility, the strength to assist and move non-ambulatory patients and
   the ability to stand for long periods of time.
 * Emotional stability and good health.
 * The ability to work independently and under stress.
 * Fluency in conversational English.

Are there any specific courses that I need to take in in order to apply?

Anatomy and Physiology is required for the Radiology program and must be
completed by the end of spring semester for the year in which you are applying.
Successful completion of DMIR 1100 Introduction to Diagnostic Medical Imaging
Radiography with a grade of "B" or better prior to admission is also required.

If I have previous college coursework, are those credits transferable?

Generally all previous college credit earned at an accredited institution
acceptable to COD is transferable. The Office of Student Records evaluates
transcripts to determine transferable credit.

What if my previous education was obtained outside the United States?

Students educated outside the United States must request a course-by-course
evaluation by Educational Credential Evaluators, Inc. (ECE), P.O. Box 17499,
Milwaukee, WI, USA 53217. Credit transfer applications are available at the COD
Office of Student Records.

How many people apply each year and how many applicants do you accept?

Although the number of applicants varies, the program usually receives an
average of 200 applications per year with an average of 50 applicants accepted.

After completing this program, what career opportunities, other than X-ray, are
available?

Opportunities exist for experienced radiographers in advanced imaging modalities
such as computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), sonography
(ultrasound), radiation therapy, nuclear medicine, mammography and
interventional radiology. Sales and education are additional career options.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Radiography Program [/academics/programs/radiography/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/radiography/current-students.aspx]



Radiography Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/radiography_packet.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/radiography/index.pcf]