https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/photography/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

man taking a photo [/_resources/img/hero/photography-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Photography Program


PHOTOGRAPHY PROGRAM

The field of photography is rapidly changing. Professional photographers are
always needed to capture, create, process and share images. The College of
DuPage Photography Program is ready to train you for your career in this rapidly
evolving profession. 

Photography students learn everything from basic skills and work flow to
advanced digital imaging, printing and business practices and portfolio
preparation. Photography faculty are all practicing professional photographers
that share a real-world perspective with students.

Guest speakers, location shoots, community service projects and gallery shows
are incorporated into photography curriculum. Once you become an advanced
photography student, your work will be showcased at COD's annual Exposed
Photography Showcase.

Photography teaching facilities at College of DuPage are among the finest in the
country:

 * Computer labs feature high-end Apple computers, professional printers and
   scanners and the latest Adobe software for digital imaging.
 * The darkrooms are fully equipped, with separate areas for processing and
   printing black and white silver prints.
 * Photo studios are available to students enrolled in in lighting and
   portraiture classes and are equipped with high end Profoto lighting gear.

Students may also check-out equipment [https://dupage.getconnect2.com/]
including digital and film cameras and flashes, as well as tripods and other
lighting accessories.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Graduates of the program find employment opportunities in the photographic
industry, including portraiture, event coverage, as
documentary/photojournalists, location scouts, in-house photographers for
start-up companies, digital assistants and photo assistants. They also become
entrepreneurs creating advertising, corporate and editorial images for their
clients. Many of our students have become fine artists and display and sell
their work in galleries and at art fairs.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

The Photography program has something for everyone. Photography courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/photo/] include analog film photography,
digital photography alternative, documentary photography, commercial
photography, wedding and family portraiture and more. In addition, you will
find: 

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/photography/contact.aspx] with
   years of professional photography and teaching experience.
 * Instruction utilizing modern facilities and advanced equipment including
   professional photography software, printers and scanners. 
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a saving account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention from
   instructors.
 * Program accreditation from the National Association of Schools of Art and
   Design (NASASD).
 * Articulated transfer programs with multiple four-year institutions including
   Columbia Chicago and Northern Illinois University.

Degrees


PHOTOGRAPHY

The Photography Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/photography/photography-aas/] degree
program is designed to provide students with a broad working knowledge of the
industry and the fundamental skills to create and produce high quality images. 

Certificates


PHOTOGRAPHY TECHNOLOGY

The Photography Technology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/photography/photography-technology-certificate/]
program provides students with the necessary skills to work in industry.


COD STORIES

David Mayhew [/about/stories/students/images/david_mayhew.jpg]

“The program for photography was very complete and in-depth, and the class size
was 20 per class if not less. So you get that one-on-one attention that you
would not get anywhere else. Any question you have, you will get it answered.” -
David Mayhew

David's COD Story [/about/stories/students/mayhew.aspx]


COD STORIES

Johna Denault [/about/stories/students/images/johna_denault.jpg]

“I was told for years that photography was just going to be my hobby, but it has
turned into such a fulfilling and unique career. I will always be grateful to my
COD professors who championed for me and told me I had a gift.” - Johna Denault

Johna's COD Story [/about/stories/students/denault.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ben Chernivsky [/about/stories/students/images/ben_chernivsky.jpg]

“The head of the program must have seen something in me that I didn’t, because
the honors classes are what really drove my interest in higher education. Both
the teachers and the students had a keen intuition and drive to be in the
classroom, and that level of intellect really had a positive effect on me.” -
Ben Chernivsky

Ben's COD Story [/about/stories/students/chernivsky.aspx]


COD STORIES

Lauren Frank [/about/stories/students/images/lauren_frank.jpg]

“COD offered me an excellent education in addition to helping me acquire an
internship and a study abroad experience in Florence, Italy. I felt like I
received great one-on-one with both my professors and advisors, in order to
personalize an experience that would prepare me for my career.” - Lauren Frank

Lauren's COD Story [/about/stories/students/frank.aspx]


COD STORIES

Zlatka Sekiya [/about/stories/students/images/zlatka_sekiya.jpg]

“I love College of DuPage and the Photography program because it’s small and
like a family. The teachers are so helpful and you know they care. With every
course I take, I get an idea and apply it to my next project." - Zlatka Sekiya

Zlatka's COD Story [/about/stories/students/sekiya.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Photography is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Photography, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/photography/photography-aas/]
 * Photography Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/photography/photography-technology-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Photography program graduates will:

 * Understand both advanced digital and analog camera operations with an
   understanding of formats, photographic exposure, depth of field, and, shutter
   speed, and illustrate proper placement of plane of focus
 * Illustration of advanced visual literacy skills by utilizing sophisticated
   compositional properties and visual qualities of a photographic image
 * Demonstrate the ability to recognize and control both natural and studio
   lighting with emphasis on the quality, quantity, and direction of light and
   the resulting effect of light on the photographic image
 * Ability to determine what type of studio lighting equipment is necessary to
   properly light various types of objects, people, spaces, and locations.
 * Manipulate, manage, and archive digital images. Control the transition of
   image color, tone and value from screen to printed image
 * Identify and apply appropriate business practices specific to the
   self-employed photographer
 * Organize, edit, and evaluate a professional quality portfolio of photographic
   work that demonstrates creative problem solving and effective communication
 * Create a professional quality portfolio that is a successful demonstration of
   the technical knowledge gained through the readings, lectures, and
   assignments offered in this program. The portfolio should also demonstrate an
   awareness of the history of photography and suggest an understanding of how
   the student's own work is a participation in the current conversation of
   contemporary photography




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several photography transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/photography.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Photography Program [/academics/programs/photography/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/photography/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/photography/index.pcf]