https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

radiation therapy machine [/_resources/img/hero/radiationtherapy-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Radiation Therapy


RADIATION THERAPY PROGRAM

The Diagnostic Medical Imaging Radiation Therapy Technology program at College
of DuPage is a one-year advanced certificate program available to graduates of
an accredited Radiography [/academics/programs/radiography/index.aspx] or
Nuclear Medicine [/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/index.aspx] program.

Through radiation therapy courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/rath/],
classroom work and clinicals, students will gain practical experience in
radiation therapy. Students enrolled in the program attend full-time beginning
in the fall semester with clinical experience on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays
(full eight-hour days) and coursework at College of DuPage in Glen Ellyn on
Tuesday and Thursday evenings.

The COD Radiation Therapy program incorporates the National Radiation Therapy
curriculum established by the American Society of Radiologic Technologists
(ASRT). The curriculum includes all didactic and clinical competencies required
prepare a student to sit for the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists
(ARRT) national certification examination.

College of DuPage also offers a certificate in proton therapy
[/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/proton-therapy/index.aspx] for students
interested in advancement opportunities to registered radiation therapists.


ADMISSIONS INFORMATION

Prospective students must follow specific admission criteria before being
admitted into the program and follow the admission checklist located in the
Radiation Therapy Application Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/rad_therapy.pdf].



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Radiation therapists are highly sought-after professionals who serve as liaisons
between patients and their physicians and provide supportive care during
radiation treatment for patients with cancer and other diseases.

Why CODCertificates
Why COD

Radiation therapists require a diverse set of skills necessary to participate in
both current and emerging technologies in radiation oncology, as well as the
ability to provide compassionate, hands-on patient care. At COD, radiation
therapy students will find: 

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Certificates


RADIATION THERAPY

Upon successful completion of the Radiation Therapy certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/radiation-therapy/radiation-therapy-certificate/],
students are eligible to become certified by the American Registry of Radiologic
Technologists and practice as Radiation Therapy Technologists. Certification is
through the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT), licensure is
required for employment in the field in the state of Illinois through the
Illinois Emergency Management Agency (IEMA). 


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL IMAGING

medial video image
[/_resources/img/video/diagnostic-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/aC2nIXRsQa4?rel=0

The curriculum of the COD Diagnostic Medical Imaging programs prepares students
to become job ready as a technologist in either Radiography, Sonography, Nuclear
Medicine, or Radiation Therapy.


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Radiation Therapy program is to review
the application packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/rad_therapy.pdf].
The packet contains an admissions checklist that you will need to follow in
order to be eligible for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Radiation Therapy, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/radiation-therapy/radiation-therapy-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Radiation Therapy program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate knowledge of written and oral communication
 * Demonstrate ability to maintain written records of treatment administered
 * Demonstrate ability to perform mathematical calculation of treatment times
   and radiation doses
 * Demonstrate knowledge of topographical and cross-sectional anatomy and
   localization of anatomical structures and treatment sites
 * Demonstrate knowledge of radiation physics applied in the practice of
   radiation therapy technology
 * Demonstrate ability to operate radiation producing equipment in all phases of
   treatment set-up and delivery
 * Demonstrate capability of interpretation of isodose summations and treatment
   plans prepared by hand or by computer for the set-up of the patient and the
   delivery of the treatment prescription
 * Demonstrate verification of correctness of delivery and provision of
   consistent daily treatment set-up and recognition of and corrective action
   taken for errors in calculation and/or delivery of a course of treatment
 * Demonstrate knowledge of proper utilization of treatment accessories in the
   delivery of a planned treatment
 * Demonstrate proper utilization of immobilization and beam directional devices
 * Demonstrate proper utilization of procedures for protection from sources of
   radiation exposure
 * Demonstrate ability to provide basic nursing care and cardio-pulmonary
   resuscitation
 * Demonstrate ability to provide psychological support and awareness of
   patterns of physical and emotional stress exhibited by cancer patients
 * Demonstrate ability to recognize the patient’s clinical progress, symptoms of
   disease progression, the complications and side-effects of a treatment course
   and initiation of the processes of consultation with the physician
   responsible for their care
 * Demonstrate the proper use of body mechanics in guiding and/or assisting the
   patient to move to and from the standing position, wheelchair, or cart to the
   treatment table in a safe manner
 * Demonstrate the ability to interact in a professional manner with other
   health care personnel involved in the treatment of the patient  


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.




FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Radiation Therapy
program.

What is a radiation therapist?

Radiation therapists are highly skilled medical specialists educated in physics,
radiation safety, patient anatomy and patient care. Radiation Therapists
administer targeted doses of radiation to the patients body to treat cancer and
other diseases. As the radiation strikes human tissue, it produces highly
energized ions that gradually shrink and destroy the nucleus of malignant tumor
cells.

What does a radiation therapist do?

Duties of radiation therapists may include reviewing prescription and diagnosis;
acting as a liaison with the physician and supportive care personnel; preparing
equipment, such as immobilization, treatment and protection devices; and
maintaining records, reports and files. They may also assist in dosimetry
procedures and tumor localization. Radiation therapists typically see their
patients three to five days a week throughout a four- to seven-week treatment
plan.

Where do Radiation Therapists work?

Members of this profession mainly work in hospitals, clinics and treatment
centers under the supervision of two other medical specialists, namely medical
dosimetrists and radiation oncologists, to determine how much radiation will be
delivered to a tumor site, the best course of therapy and to plan a treatment.

Is there a separate application process for the Radiation Therapy program?

Yes, in addition to enrolling at College of DuPage, a student must also complete
a separate admissions process for this program. For details about this process,
see the Radiation Therapy Admissions Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/rad_therapy.pdf]. The Radiation Therapy
Technology program has a limited enrollment (approximately 20 to 25 students)
and has an early admission deadline of July of each year.

When do classes take place?

This one-year program starts fall semester, with clinicals on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Fridays (eight-hour days) and didactic class work at the College
of DuPage main campus on Tuesday and Thursday evenings.

Is the Radiation Therapy program at COD accredited?
Yes, the program curriculum incorporates the National Radiation Therapy
curriculum established by the American Society of Radiologic Technologists
(ASRT) [https://www.asrt.org/]. The curriculum includes all didactic and
clinical competencies required for eligibility to sit for the American Registry
of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) [https://www.arrt.org/] national
certification examination and/or individual state licensure examinations.
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Radiation Therapy Program
[/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/current-students.aspx]



Radiation Therapy Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/rad_therapy.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/index.pcf]