https://www.cod.edu/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Chappy mascot in crowd full of people
[/_resources/img/hero/outside-chappy-football-crowd.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Gateways [https://www.cod.edu/gateways/]Community
Engagement


COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

Community partnerships are a critical component of College of DuPage's community
engagement. Our community relationships help us prioritize strategies for the
future.

The Community Engagement Department supports the College’s mission to be a
center of excellence in teaching, learning and cultural experiences and its
vision to be the primary college district residents choose for high quality
education. We believe in the transformative nature of education and strive to
positively impact the communities and organizations in District 502.


WHAT IS COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT?

In its simplest terms, community engagement seeks to better engage the community
to achieve long-term and sustainable outcomes, processes, relationships and
discourse.



Employees working outside building with wood
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/gallery/community-building-event.jpg]

COD Cares volunteers build a raised flower bed in the community.



Among its other functions, Community Engagement strives to:

 * Collaborate with area community organizations to positively impact the
   communities in District 502
 * Connect community needs with faculty/staff interests and expertise and COD
   resources
 * Collect and maintain data on faculty/staff engagement activities
 * Facilitate partnerships between faculty/staff and individuals or
   organizations in District 502
 * Leverage the expertise of COD thought leadership in outreach and engagement
   activities

At its core, Community Engagement is a strategic connector between the College
and the communities it serves.


COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT HIGHLIGHTS

Employees volunteering at a food bank
[/_resources/img/gallery/community-food-bank.jpg]

College of DuPage employees volunteer at a food bank in DuPage County.

president helping unveil a photo of a little girl
[/_resources/img/gallery/community-easter-president.jpg]

President Dr. Brian Caputo presents new photographs taken by COD students at the
annual Easter Seals Exhibition. COD has partnered with Easter Seals for over 20
years.

Students volunteering outside working on a project
[/_resources/img/gallery/community-park-event.jpg]

COD students perform a service project in the community.

Instructor talking to students
[/_resources/img/gallery/community-brady-event.jpg]

Associate Dean of Public Services Tom Brady discusses educational and career
options with local high school students.


WHAT DOES COD OFFER THE COMMUNITY?

In addition to providing a foundation of academic excellence for students and
serving as a homebase for arts and culture in DuPage County, community and
business members can take advantage of student-run services and a variety of
business and career-related resources.

Parent with children petting an animal
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/stemcon-parent-children.jpg]


COMMUNITY RESOURCES

Explore how COD supports local residents and organizations.

[/gateways/community-engagement/community-resources.aspx]
Students working in the community
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/outside-community-horticulture.jpg]


SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY

Learn how the College gives back through both small- and large-scale
initiatives.

[/gateways/community-engagement/service-to-the-community.aspx]
Native American dancer
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/native-american-dancer.jpg]


ARTS AND CULTURE

Discover the robust offerings of the College's Glen Ellyn campus.

[/gateways/community-engagement/arts-culture.aspx]



COMMUNITY PUBLICATIONS

Connect with College of DuPage through publications that highlight the people,
academics and events at Illinois' largest community college.

 * 2022 Community Report [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/irel/]
 * 2021 Community Report [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/nyog/]
 * 2020 Community Report [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/rwzk/]
 * COD Now Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]
 * Engage  [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/index.aspx]
 * Planning, Reporting and Financial Documents
   [/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/index.aspx]
   
   


CONTACT INFORMATION

Subscribe to College of DuPage's quarterly newsletter COD Now
[/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx] to hear from President Dr. Brian Caputo, obtain
information on community news and events and read student and staff profiles.

Get more information on classes and programs by visiting us on campus.
[/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

For community engagement questions email contactus@cod.edu [contactus@cod.edu].

Request a Group Campus TourLearn More
[/gateways/community-engagement/community-tour.aspx]


COMMUNITY EVENTS

 * COD Presents [/news/cod-presents/index.aspx]
 * U.S. Constitution Day
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/constitution-day.aspx]


A NOTE FROM JOAN

 * Community Service article [/gateways/community-engagement/note.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/gateways/community-engagement/index.pcf]