https://www.cod.edu/student_life/pantry/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

fuel pantry image [/_resources/img/hero/fuel-pantry-food-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Fuel
Pantry


FUEL PANTRY

The Fuel Pantry provides free food and personal care items to all currently
enrolled (full or part time) COD students, staff, and faculty with a
self-identified need. We believe access to food is essential to academic
success, so we work to address food insecurity on campus. Simply register
[https://fuelpantrycollegeofdupage.company.site]and stop by once, or every week,
to shop. We’re here to help you “make ends meet”!


NEW CLIENTS

Simply complete the short registration form on our website
[https://fuelpantrycollegeofdupage.company.site], or in-person at the pantry,
and you’re ready to shop. You’ll only need to complete this form once a year.
Please note our commitment to you:

 * Income verification is not required.
 * Using the pantry does not count as government assistance.
 * Your information is for statistical purposes only. It is never shared with
   anyone, at any time, for any reason.


RETURNING CLIENTS

Simply stop by the pantry during our hours of operation and shop! You’ll be
given “points” to use based on your family size. Fresh produce from our Fuel
Garden will also be available, when in season. If you are ever facing an urgent
need, and the pantry is closed, please stop by the Office of Student Life (SSC
1217) for assistance or call us at (630) 942-2243.


HOURS

> Pantry hours vary based on the semester and staffing, so please check our
> website [https://fuelpantrycollegeofdupage.company.site]for the most current
> information.


DONATIONS

The Fuel Pantry accepts non-perishable foods and toiletries year-round. The most
in-demand items are always changing, so please visit our website
[https://fuelpantrycollegeofdupage.company.site]for the most accurate list. We
have convenient donation bins at multiple places around campus, including the
cafeteria (SRC Door #7) and just outside the pantry (SRC Door #1). In addition,
tax deductible cash donations can be made through the COD Foundation
[https://foundation.cod.edu/donate/].


VOLUNTEERS

The Fuel Pantry welcomes the community, as well as COD students, faculty, and
staff to volunteer! Please email us at CODFuelPantry@gmail.com
[CODFuelPantry@gmail.com?subject=Linked%20from%20the%20website] to let us know
how you’re interested in helping!


QUESTIONS?

If you have any questions, concerns or feedback on the Fuel Pantry, we want to
hear from you. Please email us at CODFuelPantry@gmail.com
[CODFuelPantry@gmail.com?subject=Linked%20from%20the%20website]. Thank you!


OUR HISTORY

Each year the College's Phi Theta Kappa chapter participates in a project known
as the "College-Wide Project." For their fall 2015 project the chapter
researched the need for a food pantry on campus. They spent the semester meeting
with local experts and college administration, conducting surveys of current
students and faculty/staff and working with service learning students on the
need and feasibility of opening a pantry.

Phi Theta Kappa's research alone found that 100 out of 750 College of DuPage
students reported having access to only 1-2 full meals a day, or less than a
full meal a day. The chapter felt that this showed food insecurity was
definitely an issue that should be addressed at College of DuPage. Phi Theta
Kappa wanted to support the campus community members by giving them the brain
"fuel" they need to succeed while at the College of DuPage and therefore created
the Fuel Pantry.

Food insecurity continues, and has worsened, on campuses across the US.
According to a Fall 2019 (pre-pandemic) survey by the Hope Center for College,
Community and Justice, 39% of college students had experienced food insecurity
in the past month. With this in mind, the Fuel Pantry works each day to solve
the problem of food insecurity at COD.


OTHER LOCAL PANTRIES

The following links provide listings for food pantries in DuPage County and the
surrounding area. Be aware that some food pantries require you to demonstrate
need through income verification, so please call ahead.

 * 211DuPage [https://211dupage.gov]
 * Northern Illinois Food Bank [https://solvehungertoday.org]
 * People's Resource Center [https://www.peoplesrc.org]
 * Glen Ellyn Food Pantry [https://www.glenellynfoodpantry.org]


RESOURCES FOR COMMUNITY MEMBERS AND STUDENTS IN NEED

 * Students in Need of Assistance
   [/student_life/resources/students-in-need.aspx]
 * Fuel Food Pantry [/student_life/pantry/index.aspx]
 * Homeless and At-Risk Students [/costs/financial_aid/homeless-resources.aspx]
 * Need-Based Hotspot Lending Program
   [/costs/financial_aid/hotspot-lending.aspx]
 * Special Populations [/academics/career_technical_education/resources.aspx]
 * Student Emergency Funding [/costs/financial_aid/emergency-funding.aspx]
 * Undocumented Students
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/undocumented-student-resources.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/pantry/index.pcf]