https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/faculty-staff.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

people talking in a group
[/_resources/img/hero/female-employees-hsc-interaction-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Career Services Center
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/]Career Services for
Faculty and Staff


CAREER SERVICES FOR FACULTY AND STAFF

College of DuPage faculty members play a key role in the learning partnership
created by academic and internships. Qualified student-interns, who enroll for
academic credit, work and learn under the direction of faculty internship
advisors and site supervisors. This positive partnership leads to career and
workforce development and academic learning.


INTERNSHIP CRITERIA

College of DuPage defines an internship as “a form of experiential learning that
integrates knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical
application and skills development in a professional setting.” Internships give
students the opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make
connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths, and
give employers the opportunity to guide and evaluate talent.

 1. The experience must be an extension of the classroom: A learning experience
    that  provides for application of knowledge gained in the classroom. It must
    not be simply to advance the operations of the employer or be the work that
    a regular  employee would routinely perform.
 2. The skills or knowledge learned must be transferable to other employment
    settings.
 3. The experience has a defined beginning and end, and a position description
    with desired qualifications.
 4. There are clearly defined learning objectives/goals related to the
    professional goals of the student’s academic coursework.
 5. There is guidance and supervision by a qualified and appropriate employee
    who will assign duties to the intern that are career-related, progressive
    and challenging. 6. There is routine feedback provided by the experienced
    supervisor.
 6. There are resources, equipment and facilities provided by the host employer
    that support learning objectives/goals.
 7. The internship should be conducted in an acceptable professional location
    and  atmosphere and should not be in an employee’s home or other work
    environment deemed unfit by the Career Services Center.


INTERNSHIP CHECKLIST

All students who want to pursue an academic internship (internships for credit)
must meet all College of DuPage internship requirements. Once a student has
secured an internship, the student should schedule an appointment with Career
Services.

All items on this list should be completed by the student seeking academic
credit:

 * Meet with the manager for Career Services. Bring a position description that
   includes the internship duties and responsibilities.
 * Identify a faculty advisor and secure authorization of their intent to serve
   throughout the internship timeframe. Students who do not have a faculty
   member will be assisted by Career Services.
 * Meet with an internship faculty advisor to discuss internship details.
 * Complete and submit the following forms to the Career Services Center (SSC,
   Room 3258): Learning Agreement, Permit to Register, Academic Internship
   Responsibilities and Student Initial Self-Assessment.
 * Register for an internship course. Students will be notified by email of
   approval with registration   information within 10 business days of receipt
   of all academic internship forms.
 * Pay for internship course.
 * Begin work at internship.
 * Complete and submit the following to Career Services (SSC, Room 3258):
   Student Record, Student Final Self-Assessment and Site Supervisor Final
   Assessment. Deadline: last day of the term. 


INTERNSHIP RESOURCES

 * Academic Internship Requirement
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/internships/apply-internship.aspx]
 * Frequently Asked Questions
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/internships/index.aspx]
 * Disney College Program
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/internships/disney-college-program.aspx]


JOB SEARCH ASSISTANCE

Career Services offers a variety of job search resources
[/student_life/resources/career-services/students/job-search-resources.aspx] to
help students and community members with resume and cover letter writing.
Students can also explore employment options using Career Coach
[/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/career-coach.aspx]
and find potential job opportunities on our online job board, Chaps Get Hired
[/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/index.aspx].


CLASSROOM PRESENTATIONS

Career Services is dedicated to coaching students and job seekers through the
career development process along with job and internship search support. We
welcome the opportunity to partner with you as you bring career related topics
to the classroom. We can speak on any of the following topics and customize
based on your discipline and the related industry expectations. All
presentations are thirty minutes unless there is an assignment involved.

 * Career Services Overview/Blackboard Organization Demo
 * Resource Overview Career Coach and/or Chaps Get Hired
 * Resource demo Vmock/Interview Stream
 * Elevator Pitch/Networking
 * Internship Search and Success
 * Interviewing
 * Resume/Cover Letter

In addition to a presentation, Career Services can also be incorporated into an
assignment and/or a classroom activity. Career Services will work with you to
find the best solution for your students.

Complete the Faculty Partnership Request Form
[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeGJfaAgsmZqETjN5YL5eHOSruSlHZXfvRSh_VtIYNcbn_9AQ/viewform]
and a member from our team will be in touch within five business days. Career
Services staff requests a minimum of four weeks for presentation requests and
six weeks for a presentation with an assignment/activity request. All requests
well be evaluated based on scheduling and availability.


FACULTY WEBINARS AND DEMOS


CONNECTING CAREERS AND THE CLASSROOM

Studies have shown the primary motivator for students is preparation for the
workforce. Join COD’s Career Services Center for a discussion on how skills you
are teaching relate to jobs our students want. After this session, you will be
able to connect learning outcomes to career readiness based on competencies
identified by National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE).

 * Visit Cornerstone for dates.
   Note: Faculty Development Sessions earn EDC Credits

For ADA accommodations, email access@cod.edu [access@cod.edu] with the subject
line *event title* and your accommodation request. Send an email two weeks in
advance.


VMOCK SMART RESUME PLATFORM

Interested in helping your students with their resumes but feel there's just not
enough time to provide detailed feedback? Career Services offers VMock SMART
Resume.
[/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/v-mock.aspx]
Within seconds of uploading a resume, students receive a score benchmarked
against their peers based on data-science and AI technology. Students can click
through detailed feedback to identify ways to not only improve their score but
power-up their resume to meet recruiters' needs. Join us for a quick overview of
the tool, chat us your questions and learn how we can support your class using
this tool.


BIG INTERVIEW

Big Interview
[/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/big-interview.aspx]
is a mock interview platform that offers students the chance to practice their
interview skills anytime. Students can choose from hundreds of interview
questions and record their responses. Students will then receive instant AI
feedback and can watch their recordings to gain insight and reflect. They can
also share their recordings with others for feedback and review. Attend a demo
to learn more and how Career Services can help with incorporating this tool into
your class.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Career Services
Student Services Center (SSC) Room 3258
Email: csc@cod.edu [csc@cod.edu]
Phone: (630) 942-2230
Fax: (630) 942-4596

Regular Hours:
Monday to Thursday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.  
Friday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codcareercenter [https://instagram.com/codcareercenter/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcareerservicescenter [https://www.facebook.com/CODCareerServicesCenter/]

Twitter
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@codcareercenter [http://twitter.com/CODCareerCenter]

Linked In
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_linkedin.png]Linkedin:
@codcareercenter [https://www.linkedin.com/company/codcareercenter]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/career-services/faculty-staff.pcf]