https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/culinary/baking-pastry-arts/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Culinary student making bread wearing a mask and shield
[/_resources/img/hero/culinary-baking-pastry-mask-shield.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Culinary Programs
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/culinary/]Baking and Pastry Arts


BAKING AND PASTRY ARTS PROGRAM

Food artists can unleash their creativity through the Baking and Pastry Arts
program. Baking and pastry arts courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/culin/] cover cake decorating techniques,
breads, fine desserts and nutrition to courses in management, purchasing and
marketing. Specialty and alternative baking prepares students to create desserts
to meet dietary needs.

The degree features courses that build on the foundations of basic baking and
continue to the most advanced pastry techniques. Students work in a fully
equipped commercial bake shop and learn from highly skilled instructors. The
bake shops consist of 16 learning stations with a cap of 16 students per class.

From theory to practice, expert chefs including a master baker, guide you to
develop your skills in baking and pastry. Students learn to make dough-based
products from bagels to brioche and baguettes to pizzas and practice essential
techniques like creating simple truffles to fine desserts and cakes.

Advanced decorating is included, as well as use of the specialized chocolate lab
for higher level techniques. Advanced levels provide desserts for the Wheat
Café, Waterleaf restaurant and Culinary Market
[/academics/programs/culinary/student-run-dining/index.aspx] for the enjoyment
of the community.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Graduates of the Baking and Pastry Arts program find themselves working as
chefs, head cooks and bakers. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates 
Why COD

You want to attend a college that stands out from the rest. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/culinary/contact.aspx] with years
   of practical industry and teaching experience.
 * State-of-the-art instructional kitchens with individual stations including a
   a chocolate room and a culinary amphitheater.
 * Flexible course schedules with day, evening and weekend classes.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention. 
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * An articulated transfer program with several prestigious institutions.
 * Accreditation from the Education Foundation of the American Culinary
   Federation, making COD one of the few schools in the nation to have
   accreditation for both food service administration and culinary arts

Degrees


BAKING AND PASTRY ARTS, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Baking and Pastry Arts, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/baking-pastry-arts-aas/]
degree program provides fundamental skills in baking and pastry arts. The degree
consists of a minimum of 64 credit hours in program requirements and general
education.

Certificates 


BAKING AND PASTRY ARTS

The Baking and Pastry Arts, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/baking-pastry-arts-certificate/]program
provides fundamental skills in baking and pastry arts. Students are employable
in hospitality industry in the areas of baking and pastry. This certificate
requires 28 credits and allows students to enter into the job force quickly.


COD STORIES

Meghan Fiene [/about/stories/students/images/meghan-fiene.jpg]

“COD provided a great education for both culinary and pastry. The small class
sizes allowed me to receive hands-on training, which was instrumental in
preparing me to work in the baking industry.” - Meghan Fiene

Meghan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fiene.aspx]


COD STORIES

Erin Martin [/about/stories/students/images/erin_martin.jpg]

“I was able to learn so many tricks of the trade, kitchen culture, teamwork,
skills, techniques and discipline I would not have otherwise learned.” - Erin
Martin

Erin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/martin_erin.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rachel Cozzone [/about/stories/students/images/rachel_cuzzone.jpg]

“Taking classes at COD helped me to save money while still getting a fantastic
education. I have learned so much in so many aspects of my life and am very
grateful.” - Rachel Cuzzone

Rachel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cuzzone.aspx]


COD STORIES

Maria Kozi [/about/stories/students/images/maria_kozi.jpg]

"“The program at COD was great in preparing me for work in a commercial kitchen
environment.” - Maria Kozi

Maria's COD Story  [/about/stories/students/kozi.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in baking and pastry arts is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Baking and Pastry Arts, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/]
 * Baking and Pastry Arts, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/]




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several culinary arts transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/culinary-arts.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


MAKE A CAREER OUT OF YOUR PASSION

Evelyn Kourliouros previously graduated from a four-year institution, but she
wasn't feeling fulfilled in her current career. Hear how her life changed after
she decided to attend COD.




CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Culinary Arts
program.

How much does the Culinary Arts program cost?

Students enrolled in the Culinary Arts program pay the current tuition rate.
[/costs/tuition/index.aspx]Textbooks for classes cost approximately $75. If you
are in a laboratory class, you will need to purchase tools and a uniform and pay
a laboratory fee. Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx] are available
throughout the school year.

Where can uniforms, knives and supplies be purchased?

Students who are enrolled in any culinary, pastry or management laboratory
classes will need to purchase uniforms as part of the class requirements.

 * Culinary Students: knife kit, checked pants, embroidered chef coat, skull
   cap, bib apron, and two side towels
 * Pastry Students: checked pants, embroidered chef coat, skull cap, bib apron,
   and two side towels
 * Hospitality Students: black pants, white shirt with embroidered Waterleaf
   logo, black bistro apron

Uniforms and hand tools must be purchased through COD to ensure a consistent
experience for students.

A few things to note:

 * Uniforms and supplies are included in the lab fees for their respective class
   and will be ordered in class on the first day. Incoming students will receive
   an email outlining the procedure.
 * While not included in the packages, appropriate shoes are required. Shoes
   should be sturdy, black, closed toed, and have a non-slip sole.  Brands such
   as Sketchers [https://www.skechers.com/technologies/features/slip-resistant/]
   work shoes and Shoes for Crews
   [https://www.shoesforcrews.com/catalog/Foodservice] are acceptable options. 
   No gym shoes are allowed.


If you have questions on uniforms, contact Associate Professor David Kramer at
kramerd@cod.edu [kramerd@cod.edu?subject=] or (630) 942-2868 or Culinary Market
and Lab Coordinator Laura Lerdal at lerdal@cod.edu [lerdal@cod.edu?subject=] or
(630) 942-2359.
What do I need to wear to class?


CULINARY CLASSES

 * Appropriate shoes are required. Shoes should be sturdy, black, closed toed,
   and have a non-slip sole. Brands such as Sketchers work shoes, Shoes for
   Crews, and Dansko clogs are all acceptable options. No gym shoes.
 * College-issued black and white checked pants, hemmed, cleaned and pressed.
 * College-issued white apron.
 * College-issued white skull cap
 * Two side towels.
 * College-issued long sleeve chef coat with name and program insignia.


RESTAURANT SERVICE AND SALES CLASSES

 * Appropriate shoes are required. Shoes should be sturdy, black, closed toed,
   and have a non-slip sole. Brands such as Sketchers work shoes, Shoes for
   Crews, and Dansko clogs are all acceptable options. No gym shoes. 
 * Cleaned, pressed, college-issued white dress shirts with embroidered
   Waterleaf logo.
 * Cleaned, pressed black dress pants.

Where are classes held?

Culinary and hospitality classes are held in the Culinary and Hospitality Center
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/chc.aspx]located on the College of
DuPage campus in Glen Ellyn. The College is located about 25 miles west of
downtown Chicago.

Is on-campus housing available?

There is no on-campus housing at COD. Contact Student Life at (630) 942-2243 for
further information on housing.  

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Baking and Pastry Arts Program
[/academics/programs/culinary/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/culinary/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/culinary/baking-pastry-arts/index.pcf]