https://www.cod.edu/academics/
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

faculty member assisting students
[/_resources/img/hero/faculty-professor-students-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics


ACADEMICS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Academic Calendar [https://catalog.cod.edu/academic-calendar/]
 * Academic Divisions [/academics/divisions/index.aspx]
   * Academic Affairs [/academics/divisions/academic-affairs/index.aspx]
   * Arts, Communication, and Hospitality Division
     [/academics/divisions/art-comm-hospitality/index.aspx]
     * Faculty [/academics/divisions/art-comm-hospitality/faculty.aspx]
   * Business and Applied Technology Division
     [/academics/divisions/business-technology/index.aspx]
   * Nursing and Health Sciences Division
     [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/index.aspx]
     * Faculty [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/faculty.aspx]
     * Nursing and Health Sciences Division Feedback
       [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/feedback.aspx]
     * Policies and Procedures
       [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/policies.aspx]
   * Learning Resources Division
     [/academics/divisions/learning-resources/index.aspx]
   * Liberal Arts Division [/academics/divisions/liberal-arts/index.aspx]
     * Faculty [/academics/divisions/liberal-arts/faculty.aspx]
   * Public Services
     [/academics/continuing-education/public-services/index.aspx]
     * Fire Science [/academics/programs/fire/index.aspx]
       * Program Course Maps
         [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/]
       * Contact the Fire Science Program
         [/academics/programs/fire/contact.aspx]
       * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/fire/]
       * Current Students [/academics/programs/fire/current-students.aspx]
       * EMT Certificate Program [/academics/programs/fire/emt/index.aspx]
       * Health Requirements 
         [/academics/programs/fire/health-requirements.aspx]
       * Paramedic Program [/academics/programs/fire/paramedic-program.aspx]
       * Public Safety Telecommunicator Certificate
         [/academics/programs/fire/telecommunicator-certificate.aspx]
     * Law Enforcement [/slea/index.aspx]
       * History of SLEA [/slea/history.aspx]
       * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
       * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]
       * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
       * Map and Directions [/slea/map.aspx]
       * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
       * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]
     * Homeland Security Training Institute (HSTI [/hsti/index.aspx])
     * Real Estate
       [/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/business/real_estate/index.aspx]
       * HSTI Live [/hsti/live-events/index.aspx]
       * Classes [/hsti/classes/index.aspx]
       * Live Online Training Courses [/hsti/online_training.aspx]
       * HSTI Membership for Law Enforcement [/hsti/membership.aspx]
       * Faculty and Staff [/hsti/faculty.aspx]
       * Facilities [/hsti/facilities.aspx]
   * Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division
     [/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx]
     * Faculty [/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/faculty.aspx]
   * Social/Behavioral Sciences and the Library Division Office
     [/academics/divisions/social-behavioral-sciences/index.aspx]
     * Faculty [/academics/divisions/social-behavioral-sciences/faculty.aspx]
     * COD Library
       [/academics/divisions/social-behavioral-sciences/library.aspx]
 * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
 * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
     * Contact Access and Accommodations
       [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/contact.aspx]
     * Frequently Asked Questions
       [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/faq.aspx]
     * Request Accommodations
       [https://cod-accommodate.symplicity.com/public_accommodation/]
     * Student Complaint Process
       [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-complaint-process.aspx]
   * Career Services [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
     * Community and Alumni
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/community-alumni.aspx]
     * Electronic Resources
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/index.aspx]
       * Big Interview
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/big-interview.aspx]
       * Blackboard Organization
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/blackboard-organization.aspx]
       * Career Coach
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/career-coach.aspx]
       * Career Ready Podcast
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/career-ready-podcast.aspx]
       * Chaps Get Hired
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx]
       * VMock SMART Resume Platform
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/v-mock.aspx]
     * Employers [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/index.aspx]
       * Employer Recruitment Policies
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/employer-recruitment-policies.aspx]
       * Internship Guide for Employers
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/internship-guide.aspx]
     * Faculty and Staff
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/faculty-staff.aspx]
     * Meet the Career Services Team
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/career-services-team.aspx]
     * Share Your Experience
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/share-your-experience.aspx]
     * Students [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/index.aspx]
       * Workshop/Webinar Schedule
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/workshop-schedule.aspx]
       * Job Search Resources
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/job-search-resources.aspx]
       * Service Learning
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/index.aspx]
     * Affiliations [/student_life/resources/csdi/affiliations.aspx]
     * Black History Month
       [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/index.aspx]
       * Faculty Resources
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/bhm_faculty_resources.aspx]
     * Current Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/current_students.aspx]
     * Glossary of Terms [/student_life/resources/csdi/terms.aspx]
     * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
       [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
     * Latino Outreach [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index.aspx]
       * Centro Latino de College of DuPage
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
       * Hispanic Resources
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/resources.aspx]
       * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
       * Informacion Para Los Padres
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/parent_info_spanish.aspx]
     * New Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/new_students.aspx]
     * Positive Voices [/student_life/resources/csdi/video.aspx]
     * Undocumented Student Resources
       [/student_life/resources/csdi/undocumented-student-resources.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
     * Academic Advising
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/index.aspx]
       * Advising Tools and Resources
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/advising-tools.aspx]
       * Advising Terms
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/advising-terms.aspx]
       * Student Planning Worksheets
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/student-planning.aspx]
       * Student Planning Worksheets Archive
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/student-planning-archive.aspx]
     * Career Exploration and Counseling
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/career-counseling/index.aspx]
       * Career Resources
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/career-counseling/career-resources.aspx]
     * Contact Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/contact.aspx]
     * Events and Workshops
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/events/index.aspx]
       * First-Generation Student Group Series
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/events/first-generation-group.aspx]
     * Personal Counseling
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/index.aspx]
       * Personal Counseling Appointment
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/personal-counseling-appointment.aspx]
       * Resources
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/resources/index.aspx]
       * Self Help
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/self-help/index.aspx]
   * Dining at COD [/student_life/resources/dining/index.aspx]
   * Information and Technology Services
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/index.aspx]
     * Information Technology Services and Computer Lab Hours
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/hours.aspx]
     * Information Technology Services Security
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/index.aspx]
       * Intelligent Message Filtering
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
       * Phishing
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]
       * Safeguarding Standards
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]
     * Multifactor Authentication for Office 365
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/office-365.aspx]
     * Student Blackboard Resources
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/student-blackboard-resources.aspx]
     * Student Email Tips
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
       * Benefits of Microsoft Office 365
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/benefits.aspx]
       * Student Email Policy
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email-policy.aspx]
       * Guide to Student Email
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email_guide.aspx]

College of DuPage offers a world of educational opportunities in your own
backyard. Transfer to a four-year institution [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
with an associate degree, earn a technical certificate
[/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx], develop in-demand workplace
skills, study for your GED
[/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/high-school-equivalency.aspx],
learn the English language [/academics/els/index.aspx] or take classes for your
own enjoyment. Earn your associate degree online
[/academics/online/index.aspx]or take online, hybrid or virtual classroom
meeting courses [/academics/online/online-class-formats/index.aspx] to fit your
schedule. The possibilities are endless.

Offering seven degrees in over 150 areas of study, choose an area of study
[/academics/programs/index.aspx] to fit your needs or prepare for transfer
[/academics/transfer/index.aspx] to a four-year institution. Each degree program
emphasizes relevant coursework and result-focused teaching by dedicated faculty.



Course Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]



COD is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission
[/academics/accreditation/index.aspx] (HLC). Many career and technical programs
are also approved and accredited by appropriate specialized associations.


DEGREES AND CERTIFICATES TO BUILD ON

graphic design teacher working with students who are drawing
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/inside-graphic-design-students-instructor.jpg]


AREAS OF STUDY

Find a degree or certificate program that fits your needs and interests.

[/academics/programs/index.aspx]
student working with instructor on equipment wearing safety glasses
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/inside-instructor-student-equipmenet-hvac.jpg]


CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION

Master the fundamentals of a new trade or build on established skills.

[/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
three students sitting in a classroom
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/inside-students-classroom-uofi-transfer.jpg]


TRANSFER SERVICES

Save time and money and transfer to a four-year school of your choice through
our 3+1 and 2+2 programs.

[/academics/transfer/index.aspx]


ACADEMIC AND CAREER PATHWAYS

Academic and Career Pathways are groupings of degrees and certificates that lead
you on a path toward achieving your career goals. Choosing a pathway can be
useful if you already know you want to work in a particular field, but you don't
know what you want to major in when you enroll at COD.

Through Academic and Career Pathways, you can work towards a major as you decide
what you want to study. You can find an Academic and Career Pathway by clicking
the icon within the pathway category.

Business and Information Technology

Build a strategy, lead a team or manage a budget. Set yourself apart with a
degree that gives you an in-depth understanding of the business world and the
confidence to keep it moving forward. Explore the path to a variety of
high-demand careers in information technology. Build a network, design a mobile
application or website, develop software or write a computer game. Be at the
forefront of the ever-changing IT arena.

computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology

Career and Technical

The economy is powered by those who make and maintain our manufacturing
facilities, homes, vehicles and infrastructures. Make your mark by developing a
new source of energy, reinvigorating the manufacturing industry or enhancing the
environment. Try your hand at welding or consider heating, cooling and
ventilation – businesses and homeowners depend on climate control to support
daily operations. This field requires both mental and physical dexterity and
appeals to those who take pride in skill and craftsmanship.

gear icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/career-and-technical.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_5

Career and Technical

Culinary and Hospitality

Cook for an event, book a large corporate gathering, plan a menu or run a
restaurant kitchen at an international corporation. If you have a passion for
food, the Culinary Arts program is both exciting and challenging. Classes are
taught in state-of-the-art kitchen facilities. Students will also experience
running our six-room boutique hotel. Prepare for a career in restaurants,
hotels, resorts, bed and breakfasts, time shares, condos, retirement
communities, convention and visitor bureaus, destination marketing organizations
or an event planning company. Find success doing what you love.

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality

Education

Share your passion for teaching, learning or leading a class with goal-driven,
like-minded educators. Gain experience alongside professional teachers who can
help you succeed in the classroom and beyond. Prepare yourself for a profession
that continuously develops your knowledge and leadership skills. If you want to
make a difference as a teacher, principal or in another academic role, education
is likely the path for you.

apple on book icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/education.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_7

Education

Fine and Applied Art

Turn your interest in art, design, music, theater or film into a living. Learn
first-hand from industry professionals and create a portfolio that stands out.
Unleash your imagination, creativity and expertise in the Cosmetology program.
Fashion is everywhere and so are career opportunities for individuals who
combine knowledge of the fashion business with their own talents and ambitions.
The world needs interior designers to plan, create, improve and beautify the
spaces where people live and work, making them accessible, environmentally
friendly, comfortable and functional.

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts

Health Sciences

Few professions match the rewarding field of health care. As technologies
advance and generations age, the demand for health care professionals increases.
Gain the skills and confidence you need to care for others when they need help
the most. Make a real difference in people’s lives while working in patient
care, laboratory testing and healthcare management. Programs range from nursing
and respiratory care to dental hygiene and medical imaging. Choose from a
variety of high-demand health care careers.

cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences

Liberal Arts and Communication

The study of Humanities frees students to think beyond personal and cultural
boundaries and to consider informed actions that have constructive outcomes for
the future. Introductory and specialized courses explore the development of
humankind's ideas and value systems. Courses provide background for any field of
study that requires critical and creative thinking. These skills help you
achieve more in the classroom, in the workplace and in life.

lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication

Public Services

It takes dedication, desire and a strong will to enter the firefighter or
emergency care personnel fields. Those who secure jobs in this field are deeply
committed to their work and knowingly risk their lives to help others. The field
is rewarding, as you are working toward the greater good. These modern-day
heroes and heroines are the first responders to emergencies and the hands into
which the health and safety of communities are placed.

shield icon of public service images
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/public-services.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_11

Public Services

Social and Behavioral Sciences

Social and Behavioral Scientists apply human behavior to policy and practice,
understand and shape the world and use data to provide evidence-based decision
making. Are you interested in investigating human interaction around culture,
race, inequality, gender, religion, politics, power and the environment? Do you
want to empower yourself to advocate for positive changes in individuals,
families and communities? Explore this path. Coursework leads students to career
and technical education certificates and degrees and meets general education
requirements.

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences

STEM

A world without Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) is a world
without innovation. Students who are analytical problem solvers with a curious
nature may enjoy a career as a mathematician, biologist, chemist, researcher,
engineer or computer programmer. Are you interested in charting a path across
the Milky Way, rethinking industrial processes, preventing diseases, engineering
sustainable communities or keeping countries sound? This rewarding field has
many fast-growing jobs in scientific and high-tech subject areas. Step into the
future where it’s hard to find an area of life that hasn’t been touched by
electronics.

science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM

Still Deciding or Undecided

This transfer path degree plan prepares students to transfer to a baccalaureate
institution.

Undecided [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/undecided.png]

Undecided



woman smiling in the classroom
[/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/inside-woman-smiling-classroom.jpg]


OPTIONS FOR CONTINUING EDUCATION

 * Adult Education [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/index.aspx]
 * Developmental Education
   [/academics/continuing-education/developmental-education/index.aspx]
 * Lifelong Learning
   [/academics/continuing-education/lifelong-learning/index.aspx]
 * Youth Academy [/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/index.aspx]

COD sign
[/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/inside-adult-students-workshop.jpg]


GAIN A BUSINESS EDGE

 * Business Solutions
   [/academics/continuing-education/business-solutions/index.aspx]
 * Career and Professional Training
   [/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/index.aspx]
 * Workforce Development
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/workforce_development/index.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/index.pcf]