https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

group of COD student ambassadors
[/_resources/img/hero/group-employee-student-interaction-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Financial Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/]Student Employment: Federal Work-Study


STUDENT EMPLOYMENT: FEDERAL WORK-STUDY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Contact Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/contact.aspx]
 * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
 * Emergency Funding [/costs/financial_aid/emergency-funding.aspx]
 * Federal Work Study [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Workshops [/costs/financial_aid/workshops.aspx]
 * Parent and Family Guide [/costs/financial_aid/parent-family-guide.aspx]
 * Professional Judgment [/costs/financial_aid/professional-judgment.aspx]
 * Steps to Apply [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/index.aspx]
   * Attendance and Financial Aid'
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/attendance-and-financial-aid.aspx]
   * Contact Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/contact.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Dates
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Forms
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/index.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Policies [/costs/financial_aid/policies/index.aspx]
     * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
     * Return of Title IV Aid
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx]
     * Rights and Responsibilities
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx]
     * Satisfactory Academic Progress
       [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Terms
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-terms.aspx]
   * Financial Aid Verification
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/fafsa-verification.aspx]
   * General Eligibility Requirements
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx]
   * Understanding Your Offer Letter
     [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/offer-letter.aspx]
   * Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]
 * Student Loans [/costs/financial_aid/student-loans.aspx]

College of DuPage participates in the Federal Work-Study Program (FWS) under the
Higher Education Act of 1965, Title IV, Part C. The COD student employment
work-study program provides job opportunities for students with financial need,
allowing them to earn money to help pay educational expenses.

The work-study program encourages positions in community services and
work-related to student program of study. Although many students will qualify, a
work-study award is not offered to all eligible students due to limited funding.
The work-study program makes a conscious attempt to support the employment needs
of all College of DuPage students to the greatest level possible.


STUDENT EMPLOYMENT

EligibilityAbout the Federal Work-Study ProgramStudent Employment Opportunities
Eligibility

Students must establish and maintain eligibility for participation in the FWS
program. To do so students must

 * Submit a FAFSA
 * Demonstrate financial need
 * Maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)
 * Be enrolled in a Financial Aid eligible program
 * Be enrolled at least 6 Financial Aid eligible credits for Fall and Spring,
   and one Financial Aid eligible credit for the summer semester.

About the Federal Work-Study Program

The Federal Work-Study Program (FWS) provides part-time employment opportunities
to eligible Students to assist with costs of post-secondary education. Work
Study jobs provide practical training and experience in a chosen field, positive
job experience to help students identify career objectives, an opportunity to
build a more complete resume, and potential recommendations from supervisors.
Based on the results of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA),
eligible students can receive Federal Work Study funds to find employment at the
College of DuPage. The program is designed to provide students with an
opportunity for employment arranged around class schedules.

Jobs generally are on-campus; however, there may be an opportunity to work with
various literacy programs at approved off-campus locations. Whether on-campus or
off-campus, the FWS program provides experiences for students to develop skills,
work habits, and responsibilities.

Student employment is strictly by the hour. If a student misses work time due to
illness, a holiday, or any other reason, the student is not paid or given credit
for the time missed. A student is assigned at a specific department and can earn
up to the allocated amount of FWS funds.

Students can work up to 20 hours per week during the Fall and Spring Semester.

During the Summer Semester, students may work up to 25 hours per week.

During the breaks when classes are not in sessions - Spring Break, Summer Break,
Winter Break - students may may work up to 40 hours per week.

The student will work with their Hiring Manager to determine their actual work
schedule.

Students must notify the Financial Aid Office (FAO) of all sources of aid for
each academic school year. Other sources of aid include, but are not limited to:
Vocational Rehabilitation, G.I. Benefits, stipends, scholarships, tuition
waivers, employer assistance, etc.

Students will be awarded FWS funds once they apply for a student position via
the Students Employment Site. All student applicants will be checked for FWS
eligibility until all FWS funds are depleted.  Students who are eligible to
participate in the FWS Program will receive an award of maximum earnings
available for the academic school year. FWS does not offer any sick leave,
vacation, holiday, or overtime pay.

FWS is not applied directly to your tuition, fees and/or bookstore charges. FWS
funds are disbursed via bi-weekly paycheck based on hours worked during any
given pay period. These awards are not guaranteed; you must work in order to
receive the funding. Students will be responsible to work the hours agreed upon
between the student and their hiring supervisor.

Student Employment Opportunities

Would you like to build your work experience? Work on campus at College of
DuPage.
Gain skills, work experience and stay on campus while you go to classes. Many
positions offer flexible schedules around classes and will help you earn while
you learn.



Student Employment Opportunities
[https://cod.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/5/home?c=cod]






CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Financial Assistance
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2220
(630) 942-2251
Email: financialaid@cod.edu [financialaid@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-2151

Regular Hours

 * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.instagram.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Facebook logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.facebook.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Twitter logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@CODFinancialAid [https://www.twitter.com/CODFinancialAid]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.pcf]