https://www.cod.edu/admission/new_student_orientation/agenda.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

NSO agenda image
[/_resources/img/hero/new-student-orientation-stage-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Admissions [https://www.cod.edu/admission/]New
Student Orientation (NSO)
[https://www.cod.edu/admission/new_student_orientation/]NSO


NSO AGENDA

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * NSO General Information
   [/admission/new_student_orientation/general-info.aspx]
 * NSO Need to Know [/admission/new_student_orientation/need-to-know.aspx]
 * NSO Agenda [/admission/new_student_orientation/agenda.aspx]
 * New Student Orientation Videos
   [https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWBdQ8iSKNHtZFxtHfyNVz0dhlilyWcL9]

Listed below is the New Student Orientation daily agenda and the departmental
workshop offerings. To learn about these departments and more, access the NSO
Program Booklet [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/pmqz/] on the right of
this page.

Please check back for updated Spring 2024 New Student Orientation information.


FALL 2023 NSO AGENDA

  Time Activity 8:15 - 9 a.m. Check-In at the Physical Education Center Lobby 9
- 10:15 a.m. 

Students: Main Presentation

Guests: Parent/Guardian Session

10:30 - 11:10 a.m.  Workshop Session 1 and Parent/Guardian VIP Coffee Connect
11:15 - 11:55 a.m. Workshop Session 2 and Parent/Guardian VIP Coffee Connect
12:05 - 12:20 p.m. Closing and Prize Drawing 12:25 - 1:30 p.m. Tabling and Lunch
Social


CHOOSE YOUR OWN WORKSHOP

Access and Accommodations

Students with disabilities will actively engage in how to receive help in their
own transition from high school to college. Services and accommodations and how
they differ from high school to college are addressed.

Access and Accommodations
[/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]

Athletics and Physical Education

Find out about the 15 intercollegiate sports that COD sponsors in the National
Junior College Athletic Association and the course offerings within our Physical
Education department. Topics include athletic eligibility, coach contact
information, lecture course offerings and activity course offerings.

Athletics and Physical Education [https://gochapsgo.com/index.aspx]

Career Services

Why get an education? To expand your opportunities. So what do employers want?
65 percent of employers report they want candidates with related experiences,
and studies show they are only taking seven seconds to form a first impression.
From resumes, cover letters to interview prep, learn how Career Services can
help you build your professional brand and #BeCareerReady!

Career Services [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]

Counseling, Advising, and Transfer Services

First Year Fundamentals

Do you want to start college off on the right foot? Discover the ways in which
college is different from high school, and learn strategies for successfully
navigating your first year.

Help for Undecided Students

Think you can’t move forward because you haven’t chosen a major or are
overwhelmed by all of the choices? Our Counseling staff is dedicated to help you
plan courses. Find out the steps you need to take.

Tips for Transferring

You just got here, but it is never too early to think about transferring to a
four-year college or university. Find out about the important guideposts on your
pathway to continuing your education beyond COD. Meet the people who can help
guide you along the way.

Counseling, Advising, and Transfer Services
[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion

Success is more than a destination - it is the journey. This high energy,
interactive session shares how the office is designed to celebrate culture,
encourage and inspire students to have an active voice, and to foster a sense of
belonging at College of DuPage.

Center for Student Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
[/student_life/resources/csdi/]

Faculty and Student Panel
An important part of college is what happens in the classroom. Take this
opportunity to learn from both our experts—faculty and students—to be
successful.
Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education

Leave campus to learn another language, experience another culture, explore the
world, engage with others, and challenge yourself. Expand your perspective,
develop new skills and earn credit through Field Studies and Study Abroad. Dig,
climb, paint, research, write, paddle, read and journey your way through
college, collecting memories and experiences.

Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/index.aspx]

Financial Assistance

Often students do not understand how to keep their financial aid until after
they have risked losing it. Learn how to view your award letter, the importance
of not dropping classes, significance of accepting financial aid, and terms and
agreements of financial aid.

Financial Assistance [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]

Honors Program

The Honors Program is for motivated students who want to distinguish themselves
through enriched coursework and experiences. Honors credit looks great on a
resume or transfer application and could lead to a publication, presentation or
scholarship. At our workshop, you will have the opportunity to meet the director
and talk to students who are involved in this active and fun program!

Honors Program [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/index.aspx]

Learning Commons

Come find out about the FREE academic support services offered in our Learning
Commons. Services include tutoring, math, writing, reading, and speech
assistance. These services are available to all registered COD students.
Discover how the Learning Commons can help you on the road to academic success.

Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]

Library

The library offers so much more than books and a place to study. From laptops to
streaming videos, find out how simple it is to access all of the materials we
have for you.

Library [https://library.cod.edu/]

McAninch Arts Center

The McAninch Arts Center (MAC) is exploding with great ways to get involved with
Music, Theater, Dance, and Visual Art departments. Learn how you can join a
choir, jazz band, concert band, or orchestra. Discover how you can take center
stage as an actor or make a feature movie. Learn how you can work backstage for
a theater production and course options for creating jewelry, pottery, 2D or 3D
art. Come find out all the ways we entertain you and the opportunities you have
to explore your creative side!

McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]

Student Life

Join us for a fun workshop session to discover everything we have to offer to
make your COD experience one-of-a-kind. Find out how to get involved in our 90+
clubs, learn about leadership development, and get the inside scoop on other
development opportunities across campus. It’s your student life, so come see the
possibilities and get ready for an experience you don't want to miss!

Student Life [/student_life/index.aspx]


CONTACT INFORMATION

New Student Orientation
(630) 942-2243
Email: studentlife@cod.edu [studentlife@cod.edu?subject=VNSO%20inquiry]

Fall 2023 NSO Program BookletRead More
[https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/pmqz/]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/admission/new_student_orientation/agenda.pcf]