https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/ce_financial_info.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student at financial aid office
[/_resources/img/hero/financial-aid-office-student-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Continuing
Education [https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/]Financial Options
and Policies


FINANCIAL OPTIONS AND POLICIES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Community Offerings [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Teaching with Continuing Education
   [/academics/continuing-education/ce_faculty.aspx]
 * Financial Options and Policies
   [/academics/continuing-education/ce_financial_info.aspx]
 * Frequently Asked Questions [/academics/continuing-education/faq.aspx]
 * Continuing Education General Information
   [/academics/continuing-education/general_information.aspx]
 * Information Session
   [/academics/continuing-education/information_session.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Mailing List
   [/academics/continuing-education/mailing_list.aspx]
 * Registration [/academics/continuing-education/registration.aspx]


PAYING FOR CONTINUING EDUCATION CLASSES


FEES

In-district residents and out-of-district students are welcome to take our
classes for the same registration fee.

Tuition fees are due and payable at time of registration. Fees vary in
accordance with class length and other factors. Tax dollars are not used to
support Continuing Education programs. Our courses are solely supported by
student revenues, so classes must meet minimum enrollment. If a class is
canceled due to low enrollment, you will receive a full refund of your tuition.


CANCELLATIONS AND REFUNDS

Please help prevent canceled classes by enrolling early. Classes will be
canceled prior to the start date if enrollment is too low. If this happens, you
will receive a full refund of your tuition. If you choose to drop from a class,
you must do so 24 hours prior to the start date of the course in order to
receive a full refund. Note : non-attendance does not count as a withdrawal.

Request for Refund Form
If you are requesting a refund after the deadline, you must submit a Request for
Tuition Refund form. Download the form
[/academics/continuing-education/pdf/ce-tuition-refund-form.pdf] or call (630)
942-2208 to request the form. 

Parent Refund Form For Youth Academy Participants

In the event of a class cancellation or student drop, College of DuPage
Continuing Education will issue a refund to the name associated with the
enrolled course. In order for a parent to receive the refund in their name, they
will need to complete the following Parent Refund Form for Youth Academy
Participants.
[/academics/continuing-education/youth-academy/pdf/parent-guardian-refund-form.pdf]
This form needs to be completed no later than one week after the payment has
been made for the course.


SCHOLARSHIPS

Scholarships are available through Continuing Education with funds from the
College of DuPage Foundation. Call (630) 942-2208 or email ce@cod.edu
[ce@cod.edu] for details.

 * Lifelong Learning Scholarship
   [/academics/continuing-education/pdf/lifelong-learning-scholar-app.pdf] -
   personal enrichment and career training for those over 50.
 * Chinese Language Scholarship
   [/academics/continuing-education/pdf/chinese-language-scholar-app.pdf] -
   funds apply to non-credit Chinese language courses for those 18 and older.
 * Jump Start Scholarship [/costs/financial_aid/pdf/jump_start.pdf]- adult
   students who have successfully completed the COD high school equivalency or
   English Language Acquisition (ELA) program can earn $500 toward their credit
   courses at COD.


GRANTS

You may qualify for assistance through the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity
Act. Please visit worknetdupage.org [http://www.worknetdupage.org/] for details.


PAYMENT PLAN

To help meet your educational expenses, Continuing Education also offers a
payment plan for select professional programs. To learn more, call (630)
942-2208 or email ce@cod.edu [ce@cod.edu].


ALTERNATIVE LOANS

You may also consider applying for an alternative loan, which is a non-federal
loan made by a lender such as a bank. Continuing Education non-credit programs
eligible for loans include the following:

 * Truck Driving (CDL)
 * Massage Therapy
 * Healthcare: Dental Assistant, Pharmacy Technician or Veterinary Assistant
 * Lean Six Sigma Green Belt
 * Project Management Certification 
 * RN Refresher 


FINDING AN ALTERNATIVE LOAN

 1. Visit elmselect.com [http://elmselect.com/#/]
 2. Enter "College of DuPage" in the School Search box.
 3. Choose "Undergraduate Credit" to see loan options for yourself.
 4. Choose "Parent Loan" if you are contributing to the education of someone
    other than yourself.
 5. Click on "Sort and Filter" to choose repayment options.
 6. By clicking "Compare," you may compare up to three loans at once.
 7. Once you have chosen your lender, click the "Apply" button and follow the
    prompts through the lender application process on their website. Some
    lenders may require listing “Continuing Ed/Certificate”  for the year in
    college on the application.
 8. Once you have received an approved status from your lender, contact the
    Office of Student Financial Assistance for the school certification process
    by emailing loans@cod.edu [loans@cod.edu?subject=] and include the
    Continuing Education program you are pursuing in your message.
 9. When completing the form, enter the dollar amount requested by term. For
    Continuing Education students:
    * Fall semester - Sept. to Dec.
    * Spring semester - Jan. to May
    * Summer semester - June to Aug.

The Office of Student Financial Assistance [/costs/financial_aid/] will certify
the loan with the lender within three to five business days provided the office
has received the required information for certification.

More details about loan processing, disbursement, credits and refunds may be
obtained through the Office of Student Financial Assistance
[/costs/financial_aid/].





CONTACT INFORMATION

Continuing Education
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 1110
(630) 942-2208
Fax: (630) 942-3785
Email: CE@cod.edu [CE@cod.edu]

 * Request More Information
   [/academics/continuing-education/general_information.aspx]
 * Fall 2023 Class Schedule (all classes)
   [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/pmul/]

Front Desk Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 7 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Office hours may vary due to holidays and staff coverage.



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/continuing-education/ce_financial_info.pcf]