https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students in classroom at their desks listening to teacher instruct
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-general-classroom-naperville-center-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Center for Access and
Accommodations


CENTER FOR ACCESS AND ACCOMMODATIONS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Contact Access and Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/contact.aspx]
 * Frequently Asked Questions
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/faq.aspx]
 * Request Accommodations
   [https://cod-accommodate.symplicity.com/public_accommodation/]
 * Student Complaint Process
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-complaint-process.aspx]

College of DuPage is committed to the equitable access of educational
opportunities for eligible students with a disability, illness, injury, or
medical condition. Reasonable accommodations are determined through an
interactive and individualized process with the student. This process begins
with a request for services, initiated by the student. All students requesting
accommodations need to self-identify with the Center for Access and
Accommodations and provide appropriate documentation of their disability,
illness, injury or medical condition. 

If you are a student with disability, a student who has experienced an illness
or injury or you are a student with a medical condition (permanent or
temporary), you can request accommodations.

Students exploring the Medical Appeal/Withdrawal Process, click the following
request accommodations button and select OPTION 4.



Request Accommodations
[https://cod-accommodate.symplicity.com/public_accommodation/]




ACCOMMODATIONS INFORMATION

Semester Accommodation Renewal Supplemental Accommodation Request Appeal a
Denied Accommodation
Semester Accommodation Renewal

To request your Letter of Accommodation for the current term, you will need to
submit a request to The Center for Access and Accommodations. Follow the steps
below to complete the process:

Go to cod-accommodate.symplicity.com
[https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcod-accommodate.symplicity.com%2F&data=04%7C01%7Ckernsk1814%40cod.edu%7Ce8ddebb8b76f4dca745708da0116f1c8%7Cbe87d92eecd84586b47ca50466d04f4d%7C0%7C0%7C637823495303892346%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000&sdata=2E0TSMR53V8ybtL3T48%2F%2BJlmXf1LM7wC5YHjsfaBk8w%3D&reserved=0]
and use your COD username and password to log in.

Once in, follow these instructions:

 1. Click on “Accommodation” (on the left, under Home).
 2. Click on “Semester.”
 3. Scroll down and Click on “Add New” and Select the TERM you need a letter
    for.
 4. Click on “Review the Renewal” Review your accommodations and select your
    courses.
 5. Click on “Submit” to send your request to our office.

Your submission will be processed within several business days. Once approved,
you will receive an email with your approved Accommodation Letter. You will be
responsible for forwarding the Accommodation Letter to each of your instructors
once the semester begins.

Supplemental Accommodation Request

If you currently have accommodations from The Center for Access and
Accommodations or you have received accommodations in the past, use the
Supplemental Accommodation process to request additional or updated
accommodations. Follow the steps below to complete the process:

Go to cod-accommodate.symplicity.com
[https://nam02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcod-accommodate.symplicity.com%2F&data=04%7C01%7Ckernsk1814%40cod.edu%7Ce8ddebb8b76f4dca745708da0116f1c8%7Cbe87d92eecd84586b47ca50466d04f4d%7C0%7C0%7C637823495303892346%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000&sdata=2E0TSMR53V8ybtL3T48%2F%2BJlmXf1LM7wC5YHjsfaBk8w%3D&reserved=0]
and use your COD username and password to log in.

Once in, follow these instructions:

 1. Click on “Accommodation” (on the left, under Home).
 2. Click on “Supplemental.”
 3. Select “Add New.”
 4. Fill out the form and upload your additional documentation.
 5. Click on ”Submit” to send your request to our office.

Check your College of DuPage email regularly as staff will be in touch to
further discuss the request.

Appeal a Denied Accommodation

If your request for a specific accommodation was denied, and you would like to
appeal that determination, please follow the steps below to complete the
process:

Go to cod-accommodate.symplicity.com [https://cod-accommodate.symplicity.com/]
and use your COD username and password to log in.

Once in, follow these instructions:

 1. Click on “Accommodation” (on the left, under Home)
 2. Click on “Supplemental”
 3. Select “Add New”
 4. Select "Appeal Denied Accommodation"
 5. Fill out the form and upload any additional documentation
 6. Click on ”Submit” to send your request to our office

A committee will review your request and provide a determination within 2 weeks.

Check your College of DuPage email regularly as staff will be in touch to
further discuss the request.


ACCOMMODATIONS IN COLLEGE

Transitioning from High School to College for Students with Disabilities


Additional Areas of SupportAlternative Format Book RequestsRights and
Responsibilities
Additional Areas of Support

All College of DuPage students may benefit from services provided by the
following offices:

 * Advising Services
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/index.aspx]
 * Autismerica [/student_life/clubs_org/austismerica.aspx]
 * Career Services [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
 * Cooperative Education [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
 * Counseling Services [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
 * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
 * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx] (includes math,
   reading, speech and writing)
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Student Life [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * Tutoring [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/index.aspx]

Alternative Format Book Requests

Once you have purchased your textbook, students may request an alternative
(digital) format version [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrf_iZr4HHQ] of that
book. Students may need to show proof of purchase and must verify that they are
registered with the Center for Access and Accommodations in order to request an
alternative version.

Students should check to see if their textbook is already available for purchase
in an alternative (digital) format.

Rights and Responsibilities

Students with disabilities at COD have the right to equal opportunity,
reasonable accommodations, appropriate confidentiality and advocacy within the
college community.

Students with disabilities have the responsibility to identify themselves with
the Center for Access and Accommodations, provide current documentation, make
specific requests and be an advocate in their education.

College of DuPage has a right to expect students with disabilities to meet
qualifications and standards set for all students, require current
documentation, and enforce reasonable accommodations.

College of DuPage has the responsibility to ensure that all facilities, programs
and information are accessible and to provide accommodations.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Center for Access and Accommodations
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3249
Campus Maps [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]

Hours:
Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Phone: (630) 942-2154
Fax: (630) 942-2071
Contact Form [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/contact.aspx]
Email: access@cod.edu [access@cod.edu]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.pcf]