https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/electronics-technology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Two students working on electronics equipment
[/_resources/img/hero/electronics.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Electronics Technology Program


ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

Step into the future, start your career or expand it by immersing yourself in
COD’s Electronics Technology program. This inexpensive, high-quality program
exposes students to innovative equipment in state-of-the-art facilities.

The program offers associate degrees and certificates in Electronics Engineering
Technology and in Biomedical Engineering Technology. Electronics technology
courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/elect/] include the fundamentals of
electronics and electricity, digital electronics, biomedical engineering
technology, manufacturing electronics, industrial automation and renewable
energies. Enjoy small class sizes and personalized instruction while you study
to be multi-functional technicians.

Students in this program can take advantage of COD’s articulation agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/electronics-technology.aspx] with several
universities, enabling them to transfer credits and save on tuition when they
are ready to transfer.

Paid internships are widely available so COD graduates get exposure to
real-world requirements. Students will also benefit from a comprehensive job
placement service when they are ready to seek employment.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The electronics industry remains an exciting area to seek employment, and COD’s
practical program meets the needs of the 21st century workforce and industry.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in electronics, planning to transfer to a
four-year baccalaureate-granting institution, or updating your skills, College
of DuPage has the right program for you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening, weekend and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Partnerships with area firms prepare students and workers for employment and
   advancement through industry-led projects.
 * An Advisory Committee made up of industry professionals ensures that College
   of DuPage’s Electronics program offers up-to-date training on equipment and
   in skills that are relevant and in demand by today’s employers.
 * Dual credit agreements offer high school students a head start on their
   higher education and career goals.

Degrees


ELECTRONICS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY

The Electronics Engineering Technology Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/electronics-engineering-technology-aas/]
degree is designed to provide the student with fundamentals of electricity and
electronics, including digital electronics and microcomputers, specialized
manufacturing electronics, industrial automation and electronic communications.


BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY

The Biomedical Engineering Technology Associate in Applied Science degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/biomedical-engineering-technology-aas/]
program prepares students for careers as biomedical equipment technicians, (also
known as biomedical engineering technicians) in hospitals, health agencies,
businesses and industries that manufacture and maintain electronic and
biomedical instrumentation equipment.

Certificates


ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY

The Advanced Electronics Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/advanced-electronics-technology-certificate/]
certificate prepares students for an entry-level electronics and electricity
technology position with basic skills and competencies in the field of analog
and digital electrical and electronic devices.


ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY

The Electronics Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/electronics-technology-certificate/]
certificate provides the student with fundamentals of electricity and
electronics, including digital electronics and microcomputers, specialized
manufacturing electronics, industrial automation and electronic communications.


INDUSTRIAL CONTROLS AND AUTOMATION

The Industrial Controls and Automation
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/industrial-controls-automation-certificate/]
certificate combines electronics knowledge and electro-mechanical skills. The
certificate incorporates hands-on learning where practice follows theory in the
lab environment.


RENEWABLE ENERGY TECHNOLOGY

The Renewable Energy Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/renewable-energy-technology-certificate/]
certificate is intended to train technicians in the field of electronics,
electricity, mechanics, and computers related to the applications in the field
of renewable and green energies.


COD STORIES

Maria Rivera [/about/stories/students/images/maria_rivera.jpg]

"The Electronics Technology program is challenging and interesting, and COD has
incredible, caring staff that assists students every step of the way." - Maria
Rivera

Maria's COD Story [/about/stories/students/rivera.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in electronics technology is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Advanced Electronics Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/advanced-electronics-technology-certificate/]
 * Biomedical Engineering Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/biomedical-engineering-technology-aas/]
 * Electronics Engineering Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/electronics-engineering-technology-aas/]
 * Electronics Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/electronics-technology-certificate/]
 * Industrial Controls and Automation, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/industrial-controls-automation-certificate/]
 * Renewable Energy Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electronics-technology/renewable-energy-technology-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Electronics Technology Program graduates will:

 * Describe the scientific principles that apply to the basic flow of
   electricity and explain the function of various materials used as conducting,
   semiconducting, and insulating devices in the construction of standard
   electrical/electronic circuits.
 * Identify the basic tools and test equipment used to construct, troubleshoot,
   and maintain standard electronic circuits and systems.
 * Explain the construction and application of standard circuit configurations
   and identify the component types and connections used to build functioning
   electronic circuits.
 * Describe the appearance and general operating principles of multiple
   electronic components and electrical devices such as capacitors, resistors,
   inductors, semiconductors, integrated circuits (ICs), generators, motors, and
   transformers.
 * Identify and describe the applied electronics principles used to develop
   circuitry and circuit-systems used for radio, television, fiber optic, laser,
   computer, and microprocessor devices.
 * Communicate effectively in oral, written, and graphical forms.
 * Collaborate effectively, individually and as a member of a team.
 * Demonstrate a high standard of professional ethics and are cognizant of
   social concerns as they relate to the practice of engineering technology.
 * Appraise their education against the new developments in the field of
   Electronics and engage in the process of lifelong learning.

 




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several electronics technology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/electronics-technology.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact Electronics Technology
[/academics/programs/electronics-technology/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/electronics-technology/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/electronics-technology/index.pcf]