https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/requirements.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

meteorology students discuss cloud patterns on weather map
[/_resources/img/hero/earth-science-technology-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Earth Science Program
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/]General Education
Requirements


GENERAL EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Program Course Map [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/earth-science/]
 * Astronomy [/academics/programs/earth_science/astronomy/index.aspx]
   * Program Course Map [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/earth-science/]
 * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/earth/]
 * Faculty [/academics/programs/earth_science/faculty.aspx]
 * General Education Requirements
   [/academics/programs/earth_science/requirements.aspx]
 * Geology [/academics/programs/earth_science/geology/index.aspx]
   * Program Course Map [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/earth-science/]
   * Resources and Career Information
     [/academics/programs/earth_science/geology/resources.aspx]
 * Hydrology [/academics/programs/earth_science/hydrology/index.aspx]
 * Meteorology [/academics/programs/earth_science/meteorology/index.aspx]
   * Program Course Maps [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/earth-science/]
   * Contact Meteorology
     [/academics/programs/earth_science/meteorology/contact.aspx]
 * Oceanography [/academics/programs/earth_science/oceanography/index.aspx]
 * Program Learning Outcomes
   [/academics/programs/earth_science/earth-sci-outcomes.aspx]

The College of DuPage Earth Sciences Program provides opportunities for students
to explore fundamentals at the introductory as well as pre-professional levels.
Each of the Earth Science courses serves the general education needs for
non-science and science majors alike. 


PHYSICAL SCIENCES REQUIREMENT FOR AN AA, AS, OR THE TRANSFER ORIENTED ELECTIVES
FOR THE AA, AS DEGREES

Choose one of the following courses. Note that the courses listed stand alone
and do not need to be taken in sequence. Students must take two sciences to meet
the science general education requirements – one in the Life Sciences (see
Biology) and one Physical Science (includes Earth Science courses). One of the
courses taken to meet the science requirement must be a course with a laboratory
component. Asterisked (*) courses listed below are non-lab courses. Each of the
following courses is articulated with the Illinois Articulation Initiative
(IAI). Students should speak with an Earth Science faculty member to select the
course most appropriate for their majors. 

Physical Science Requirement for an AAS: Students are required to take one lab
science course. You may choose from any of the lab science. Lab classes are in
bold below.

Please note that course numbers are organized by Earth Science discipline and do
not indicate a level of difficulty.


ASTRONOMY

 * Introduction to Astronomy – EARTH 1120*
 * Astronomy: The Solar System - EARTH 1122
 * Astronomy: Stars & Galaxies - EARTH 1124
 * Observational Astronomy – EARTH 1126
   
   


GEOLOGY

 * Physical Geology of Earth’s Interior - EARTH 1101
 * Physical Geology of Earth’s Surface - EARTH 1102
 * Environmental Geology –EARTH 1105
   
   


HYDROSCIENCES

 * Oceanography - EARTH 1130
 * Water Science, Fundamentals of Hydrology - EARTH 1135
   
   


METEOROLOGY

 * Introduction to Meteorology – EARTH 1110
 * Climate & Global Change – EARTH 1111*
 * Severe & Unusual Weather – EARTH 1115
 * Weather Impacts and Preparedness – EARTH 1119
    


GENERAL EARTH SCIENCE

 * Fundamentals of Earth Science – EARTH 1140
 * Introduction of Earth Science – EARTH 1141*

*Note that students may select either 1140 OR 1141, not both


A.S. DEGREE ONLY ADDITIONAL MATH & SCIENCE CREDITS

Students may choose any of the above courses or select from field and
intermediate level Earth Science course offerings. Students should see the
current COD catalog for a comprehensive list of Earth Science courses AND
consult with the Earth Science faculty member in the Earth Science discipline of
interest to make elective choices that best fit individual transfer and degree
program needs.

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division
[/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx]
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06, (630) 942-3210

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/earth_science/requirements.pcf]