https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/info.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


GERMANY TRAVEL INFORMATION

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Field and
Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/]Summer Language
Study Abroad
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/]Germany
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/]Germany
Travel Information
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Germany Travel Information
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/info.aspx]
 * Financial Aid & Scholarships
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
 * Application & Forms
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
 * Germany Slide Presentation
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/pdf/presentation_germany.pdf]


ADMISSIONS REQUIREMENTS

The program is open to anyone who has a strong interest in immersing themselves
in another culture. Qualified high school students 18 and older may be accepted
into the program. Community members are welcome.


ORIENTATION

A mandatory pre-departure orientation will be held at College of DuPage. This
typically occurs on a Saturday in May.


LANGUAGE CLASSES

All students are required to enroll in a German Language class. Classes will
accommodate students at any level: Elementary I and II, Intermediate I and II,
and Advanced I and II.

Prior the beginning of classes, all students will be tested and placed at the
appropriate level. Changes can be made if a student progresses at a faster rate
or shows different learning needs.


CIVILIZATION AND CULTURE OF GERMANY

All students are required to enroll in this class which covers the geography,
history, political and social institutions and the art and architecture of
Germany. This class first meets at the mandatory orientation session.

The course will continue with guided cultural excursions to theaters, museums
and other places of interest that are integral components of this class, and
therefore, attendance is required. Written assignments are required.


PROGRAM DIRECTORS/FACULTY

All language classes will be taught by instructors from the language school. The
Civilization and Culture of Germany class will be team-taught in German and
English by COD Program Directors/Faculty, who are available daily  to counsel,
supervise and assist students.


DIRECTOR

Miglena Nikolova is an Assistant Professor of German at College of DuPage. She
holds a PhD in Germanic Studies from University of Illinois at Chicago. She has
also earned a 6-12 Illinois Teaching Certificate. During her graduate studies,
Miglena Nikolova was a Head Teaching Assistant at the University of Illinois at
Chicago. She received the Excellence in Teaching Award and the Graduate Research
Award from University of Illinois at Chicago. Currently she is the Language
Program Director of the Language School at DANK Haus German American Cultural
Center in Chicago. Miglena Nikolova also teaches German language at Dominican
University and has taught for seven years English as a Second Language at Triton
Community College. She was the co- director of last year's COD Study Abroad
Program to Berlin. Her academic interests are in the area of Second Language
Acquisition. In addition to dedicating a lot of time to her academic interests,
Nikolova enjoys spending time with her family and traveling in Europe.


CREDITS

Upon successful completion of classes, students will receive credit for
Elementary, Intermediate or Advanced German (3-4 semester credit hours)
depending on placement and Civilization and Culture of Germany (3 semester
credit hours).


HOUSING AND MEALS

Students will reside in a dormitory-like residence. Breakfast is included.


ACTIVITIES AND EXCURSIONS

Activities specified in the program schedule are included in the price of the
program.


OPTIONAL EXCURSIONS

Information will be provided on a variety of optional excursions that are not
included in the price of the program.


PROGRAM COST

The program cost includes round-trip airfare from Chicago, room and board,
airport transfers in Germany, admissions and excursions as listed and course
materials.

Not included in the program cost is tuition (6-7 credit hours), passport fees,
visa fees (if a non-US citizen), optional excursions, personal expenses, some
meals, telephone calls and checked baggage fees.

Program costs may be subject to change due to increased costs of transportation
or currency fluctuation beyond the control of the College.


LATE APPLICANTS

We welcome students beyond the application deadline, space permitting.
Additional charges may apply.


PASSPORT

Each participant must have a valid passport that does not expire for at least 6
months after the anticipated return date to the U.S. Participants are
responsible for obtaining their own passports. As passports can take substantial
time to obtain, apply for it as soon as possible. Information can be obtained at
http://travel.state.gov/passport/ [http://travel.state.gov/passport/]


VISA

U.S. citizens do not need a Visa to travel to Germany. Non-U.S. citizens may
need a Visa.


INSURANCE

All participants are required to have medical insurance, which is valid outside
the United States. Trip cancellation insurance can also be purchased to provide
protection against cancellations and lost or damaged baggage.


LIABILITY RELEASE AND ASSUMPTION OF RISK FORM

Participants in all Field and Experiential Learning/Study Abroad programs must
complete the Liability Release and Assumption of Risk form
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/pdf/libility-release-form.pdf].


CANCELLATION/REFUND POLICY

In the event that a participant withdraws from the program, a right to a refund
is limited. All cancellations and refund requests must be made in writing and
sent to:

College of DuPage
Field Studies/Study Abroad, Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
425 Fawell Blvd
Glen Ellyn, IL 60137-6599 

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
General inquiries: (630) 942-2356
Email: fssa@cod.edu [fssa@cod.edu]
Additional Contact Information
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/contact.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/info.pcf]