https://www.cod.edu/admission/adult/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Adult student smiling at graduation
[/_resources/img/hero/adult-student-graduate-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Admissions [https://www.cod.edu/admission/]Adult and
Returning Students


ADULT AND RETURNING STUDENTS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Admissions Policies [/admission/admissions_policies.aspx]
 * Health Science Students [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]
   * Health Career Programs and Information Packets
     [/admission/health_science/health_sciences_packets/index.aspx]
   * Advising Sessions
     [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]
 * Veteran Students [/admission/veteran/index.aspx]
 * Contact Admissions [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]

Whether you are looking to take a few classes and learn new skills to help you
on your job, completing a college degree for the first time or exploring a
career change, College of DuPage is here for you. Contact your Admissions
Representative [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx] for help with your
next steps.


APPLY TODAY

College of DuPage has an open door admission policy for anyone who is:

 * At least 18 years of age or 
 * Is a high school graduate or has received a High School Equivalency Diploma
   (i.e. GED, or HiSET, or TASC) 

Our online application [https://admissions.cod.edu/] is easy and can be accessed
at any time. If you have already taken classes at College of DuPage in the past,
you do not need to reapply for admission. If you have questions, contact the
Office of Admissions and Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx] at
(630) 942-2626.

Explore Your Options

College of DuPage offers a variety of different programs designed to fit your
needs:

 * Online Courses 
   [/academics/online/index.aspx]An internet-based, self-paced alternative to
   traditional classes.
 * Continuing Education Adult Enrichment
   [/academics/continuing-education/adult-enrichment/index.aspx]Learn about our
   free Adult Education Program (ABE, GED and ESL) as well as adult test
   preparation (GRE, GMAT and LSAT), tutoring, online Ed2Go programs, Music
   Academy lessons, Lifelong Learning courses, and many other non-credit adult
   enrichment classes and events.
 * Continuing Education Professional Development
   [/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/index.aspx]Advance
   your career with certification programs in health care, business, truck
   driving, massage, law enforcement, and more, or take advantage of contract
   training for your organization.
 * Credit for Life Experience
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/credit-proficiency-exams.aspx]
   Earn college credit through your career or life-related experience.

The Academics [/academics/index.aspx] section of our website contains a wealth
of information about the different types of programs we offer.

Counseling Sessions
Meeting with one of our counselors is a great way to help define a clear
educational or career-path strategy. Counseling is available on campus in Glen
Ellyn and at four off-campus centers. Schedule an appointment by calling (630)
942-2259 or ask a quick question [Counseling@cod.edu]. You can also research
career opportunities at the Career Services
[/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]. Our Career Services offers
a variety of resources to help you with your career goals, including job search
and internship assistance. 
Academic Support

If it's been a while since you've attended class, it might be a good idea to
refresh your math, writing, reading and/or speech skills. The Academic Support
Center [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx] offers a nice selection of
seminars and courses that will help you get the most out of your ensuing
classwork.

Resources
 * Access and Accommodations [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/]
 * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Degrees and Programs/Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Field Studies/Study Abroad
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/index.aspx]
 * Innovation DuPage [https://www.innovationdupage.org/]
 * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
 * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
 * Life Experience Credit
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/credit-proficiency-exams.aspx]
 * Online and Hybrid Courses [/academics/online/index.aspx]
 * Placement Testing [/academics/testing/index.aspx]
 * Transcript Evaluation [/records/transcript-evaluation.aspx]
 * Transfer Opportunities [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
 * Tuition and Fees [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Workforce Development
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/workforce_development/index.aspx]


COD STORIES

Violet Jackson [/about/stories/students/images/violet_jackson.jpg]

“I was working full-time, I maintained a 3.8 GPA. This was only possible due to
the support of my family and the professionals at COD. I am very appreciative of
the support given because it helped me as I fulfilled my goals." - Violet
Jackson

Violet's COD Story [/about/stories/students/jackson_violet.aspx]


COD STORIES

Michael Wagner [/about/stories/students/images/michael_wagner.jpg]

“COD enabled me to become CompTIA certified for A+ and Network+, and I earned
the Cisco CCNA Routing and Switching certification. I have earned five College
certificates within the Computer and Information Technology program and, to wrap
it all up, I’ve now earned my associate’s degree.” - Michael Wagner

Michael's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wagner_michael.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jean Morris [/about/stories/students/images/jean_morris.jpg]

“I was so nervous about going back to school. Although I was the oldest student
in the class, I wound up feeling like I fit in. If you are nervous, try one
class, because you will be hooked.” - Jean Morris

Jean's COD Story [/about/stories/students/morris.aspx]


COD STORIES

Reggie Martin [/about/stories/students/images/reggie_martin.jpg]

“My studies at College of DuPage laid a tremendous foundation. The class sizes
were small, so I got to know my professors pretty well. After spending time in
the military, they were very helpful in easing the transition as far as getting
back into the routine of going to school regularly.” - Reggie Martin

Reggie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/martin_reggie.aspx]


COD STORIES

Samantha Wirth [/about/stories/students/images/samantha_wirth.jpg]

“As a mom with two small children, a full-time job and as a military wife with a
deployed spouse—flexibility was a necessity! In my time at COD, I took night
classes, early morning classes, online classes, hybrid classes, Adult Fast Track
classes and traditional 16-week classes.” - Samantha Wirth

Samantha's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wirth.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Begin Your Application



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]


APPLICATION FEE

New applicants are required to submit the $20 application fee. Students
qualifying for an application fee waiver should visit the Admissions Policies
page [/admission/admissions_policies.aspx] before applying.

Virtual Adult Information SessionRegister Now [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/admission/adult/index.pcf]