https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/equity/chaps-unite-against-racism/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


CHAPS UNITE AGAINST RACISM

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Campus
Departments [https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/]Equity and Access
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/equity/]#ChapsUnite Against Racism

 

Chaps Unite Against Racism logo
[/_resources/img/video/chaps-unite-against-racism-logo.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/Gwyd0OR_sDY?rel=0

 

Now more than ever, it is critically important for our Chaparrals and the entire
college community to unite against racism. This institution-wide initiative will
help us forge ahead in our ongoing equity and inclusion work. DuPage County
Board Chairman Dan Cronin and other key stakeholders are partnering with COD.

By sharing life experiences, the cultures and histories of each other, we want
to empower and amplify voices of our students, faculty, staff and the community
so we can reflect, share and act against racism. Let’s work together and learn
from one another. 


ASIAN AMERICAN PACIFIC ISLANDER STATEMENT OF SOLIDARITY

Dear College of DuPage Community,

On behalf of the entire institution, we offer our deepest sympathies to the
families and others mourning the recent senseless acts of violence in Atlanta
that left eight individuals dead, including six Asian women.

College of DuPage stands in solidarity with Asian American and Pacific Islander
(AAPI) faculty, staff and students and offers its support to promote compassion
and healing during this very difficult time.

With equity as one of our core values, College of DuPage will continue to
amplify diversity, equity and inclusion efforts and celebrate the AAPI community
within our various annual initiatives. We will also forge ahead in our pursuit
of student success to provide educational opportunities and foster a deeper
appreciation of the contributions of AAPI leaders through our COD Asia
Committee, Asian Student Association and community engagement.

College of DuPage remains committed to bringing positive change and promoting
greater inclusiveness.

Board of Trustees Chairman Christine Fenne

President Dr. Brian Caputo

College of DuPage Faculty Association


COD STORIES

Bradley Kirouac [/about/stories/students/images/bradley_kirouac.jpg]

"When I first walked in, I didn't know what to expect. I was nervous, happy and
also felt alone," he said. "But within the first five minutes, I was a changed
person. And, for the first time in my life, I felt accepted for who I was. My
objective was to expand Pride to help more students than it had in the past, so
I applied for the president position and, with a great team of officers, we did
just that." - Bradley Kirouac

Bradley's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kirouac.aspx]


COD STORIES

Daniel Fernandez [/about/stories/students/images/daniel_fernandez.jpg]

"I could not be happier. Not only do I get to teach my students science but I
also get to serve as a mentor and role model to them, especially since I was
also an ESL student when I first started school in the U.S.," he said. "For me,
seeing students' 'light bulbs' go off when they finally are able to understand
or make the content connections when learning, followed by their joyful smile
and excitement, is what fuels me as a teacher." - Daniel Fernandez

Daniel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fernandez_daniel.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bayan Jarad [/about/stories/students/images/bayan_jarad.jpg]

"I want to represent not just Muslims or Arabs but all underrepresented people
around the world. I want each and every child to see themselves on the screen
and feel included. I want to openly and publicly acknowledge the barrier that
sets us aside from everyone else, and I want to help destroy it. I want to be
the Muslim woman role model that I never had to all the little Muslim girls out
there, and I want to tell them that they can achieve their dreams no matter what
people say." - Bayan Jarad

Bayan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/jarad.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rocio Becerril [/about/stories/students/images/rocio_becerril.jpg]

"I want people to know that no matter where they come from, who they are, who
their parents are or what background they have, they can achieve a successful
education, and College of DuPage can be a basic foundation to that goal," she
said. "I came to the U.S. when I was 10 years old and I did not speak any
English. My mother cleaned houses and my father was an upholsterer. Now I have
two bachelor's degrees, an MBA and my law degree and I graduated with zero
debt." - Rocio S. Becerril

Rocio's COD Story [/about/stories/students/becerril.aspx]


COD STORIES

Margaret Byrne [/about/stories/students/images/margaret_byrne.jpg]

"The film, 'Raising Bertie' is not a problem solver, but I hope it engages
people in a larger conversation about the issues presented." - Margaret Byrne

Margaret's COD Story [/about/stories/students/byrne.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


VIRTUAL FORUMS

View past events.
[/about/campus-departments/equity/chaps-unite-against-racism/past-events.aspx]


KEEPING THE CONVERSATION GOING

Equity and Enforcement of the Law headlines May with a panel discussion
featuring Tauya Forst, COD Criminal and Justice Studies Professor, Bob Berlin,
DuPage County State's Attorney, Sadia Covert, DuPage County Board Member and
Edwardo Castillo, DuPage County Sergeant. 




STUDENT DEVELOPMENT TEAM

Meet the professional staff that are leading the #ChapsUnite Against Racism
initiative.

Nathania Montes [/_resources/img/three-column-card/headshot-nathania-montes.jpg]


NATHANIA MONTES, PH.D.

Dean of Student Affairs Nathania Montes, Ph.D., leads the Student Development
Team. She and her team advocate for students' rights and responsibilities and
support student success through transformational student engagement.

[/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
Justin Hardee [/_resources/img/three-column-card/headshot-justin-hardee.jpg]


JUSTIN HARDEE

College Transfer Coordinator Justin Hardee has your back when you are looking to
transfer by providing opportunities to meet and connect with four-year colleges
and universities.

[/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
Krystina LaSorsa
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/headshot-krystina-lasorsa.jpg]


KRYSTINA LASORSA

Krystina LaSorsa and her team assist students on their career journey and
provide access to opportunities that help students gain meaningful experience to
feel confident in their career path.

[/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
Samantha Salvato [/_resources/img/home/headshot-samantha-salvato.jpg]


SAMANTHA SALVATO

Center for Access and Accommodations Manager Samantha Salvato and her team are
committed to the equitable access of educational opportunities for students with
disabilities.

[/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
Jennifer Such [/_resources/img/three-column-card/headshot-jennifer-such.jpg]


JENNIFER SUCH

Student Support Services Manager Jennifer Such and her team are committed to
ensuring all students have the knowledge, resources and information they need to
successfully pursue their academic goals.

[/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
Chuck Steele [/_resources/img/three-column-card/headshot-chuck-steele.jpg]


CHUCK STEELE

Student Life Manager Chuck Steele and his team provide a supportive,
values-based environment that helps all students get the most out of their
College of DuPage experience.

[/student_life/index.aspx]
David Swope headshot
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/headshot-david-swope.jpg]


DAVID SWOPE

Student Diversity and Inclusion Manager David Swope, fosters a sense of
belonging and encourages all students to participate in curricular learning and
co-curricular activities that support leadership opportunities and intercultural
experiences.

[/student_life/resources/csdi/index.aspx]





CONTACT INFORMATION

Dean of Students
(630) 942-2485
Email: deanofstudents@cod.edu [deanofstudents@cod.edu]




RESOURCES

 * Access & Diversity Toolkit
   [https://professionals.collegeboard.org/pdf/access-and-diversity-toolkit.pdf]
 * COD's Equal Employment and Affirmative Action Policy
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/equal.aspx]
 * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * Illinois Equity in Attainment Initiative (ILEA)
   [https://partnershipfcc.org/ilea]
 * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
 * Latino Outreach Center
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index.aspx]
 * Suggested Readings
   [/about/campus-departments/equity/chaps-unite-against-racism/suggested-readings.aspx]


MEDIA COVERAGE

 * Online Articles
   [/about/campus-departments/equity/chaps-unite-against-racism/media-coverage.aspx]


PODCASTS

 * 1619 (New York Times)
   [https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/23/podcasts/1619-podcast.html]
 * Asian Enough
   [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/asian-enough/id1501446978]
 * Code Switch (NPR) [https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/]
 * Groundings [https://groundings.simplecast.com/]
 * Intersectionality Matters!
   [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/intersectionality-matters/id1441348908]
 * Latinos Who Lunch [http://www.latinoswholunch.com/]
 * Pod Save The People
   [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/pod-save-the-people/id1230148653]
 * Self Evident [https://selfevidentshow.com/]
 * Tamarindo [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/tamarindo/id1102882792]
 * Yo, Is This Racist?
   [https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/yo-is-this-racist/id566985372]


ACADEMIC RESEARCH

 * Restorative Justice
   [/about/campus-departments/equity/chaps-unite-against-racism/pdf/restorative-justice.pdf]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019-clone&action=de&path=/about/campus-departments/equity/chaps-unite-against-racism/index.pcf]