https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/medical-assistant/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

two medical assistant students working in a mock lab
[/_resources/img/hero/medicalassistant-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Medical Assistant


MEDICAL ASSISTANT PROGRAM

The Medical Assistant program is offered as a certificate or two-year associate
in applied science degree program that prepares students to work in a medical
office and perform both administrative and clinical procedures. The program is
offered in both full-time and part-time class schedules. Medical assistant
classes [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/masst/] include hands-on clinical
experience. 

Medical Assistant administrative duties include scheduling appointments, patient
registration and health insurance duties. Clinical duties include recording
vital signs and preparing patients for examination. Medical assistants may also
collect blood specimens, perform laboratory tests, sterilize equipment, instruct
patients about medication and special diets, prepare and administer medications,
authorize drug refills and perform EKGs. 

In addition to earning a medical assistant degree or certificate, students also
have the opportunity to earn a certificate to become a Health Care Office
Assistant. This short-term certificate can be completed in one or two semesters.

Prospective students must follow specific registration criteria before being
admitted into the program and follow the registration checklist located in
the Medical Assistant registration packet.
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/ma.pdf]


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Medical assistants are one of the ten fastest-growing careers in health care.
Medical assistants work alongside physicians and other providers mainly in
out-patient or ambulatory facilities such as medical offices. 

Why CODDegreeCertificatesProgram Accreditation
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining a savings account.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities and equipment in the Health and
   Science Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx].

Degree


MEDICAL ASSISTANT

The Medical Assistant, Associate in Applied Science degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/medical-assistant/medical-assistant-aas/#text]
teaches students billing and coding, how to maintain medical records, schedule
appointments, record vital signs, collect blood specimens, perform basic
laboratory tests and prepare and administer medications. 

Certificates


MEDICAL ASSISTANT

The Medical Assistant, Certificate trains students to work in ambulatory
settings such as physicians' offices. These multi-skilled personnel perform
administrative and clinical procedures such as billing and coding, maintaining
medical records, completing basic clinical assessments, recording vital signs,
preparing patients for examination, collecting blood specimens, performing basic
laboratory tests, performing EKGs, preparing and administering medications and
assisting physicians with treatment and/or minor procedures. 


HEALTH CARE OFFICE ASSISTANT

A student in the Health Care Office Assistant certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/medical-assistant/healthcare-office-assistant-certificate/]
program will learn appointment scheduling, front office tasks, basic accounting,
basic insurance coding and legal and ethical responsibilities as they pertain to
administrative office in health care settings. 

Most coursework can be completed online and all credits are transferable to the
Medical Assistant certificate or degree program.

Program Accreditation

The College of DuPage Medical Assistant Certificate Program is accredited by the
Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs
[http://www.caahep.org/] upon the recommendation of the Medical Assistant
Education Review Board (MAERB). 

Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs
9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775
Phone: (727) 210-2350
Fax: (727) 210-2354
Email: mail@caahep.org [mail@caahep.org]

Based on the most recent Annual Report Form submitted to the Medical Assisting
Education Review Board (MAERB) and the Commission on Accreditation of Allied
Health Education Programs (CAAHEP), the percentage for the CMA (AAMA) exam pass
rate from the 2020 graduate year was 81%.


COD STORIES

Monserrat Garcia [/about/stories/students/images/monserrat-garcia.jpg]

“I love what I do and helping people. College of DuPage is a great school with
great professors and a great environment that helped me achieve my goals.” -
Monserrat Garcia

Monserrat's COD Story [/about/stories/students/garcia.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sara Starodub [/about/stories/students/images/sara-starodub.jpg]

"Medical assistants make a difference in patients’ lives every day. As a medical
assistant, you perform clinical duties while managing administrative tasks in a
variety of medical offices." - Sara Starodub

Sara's COD Story [/about/stories/students/starodub.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rocio Mendoza [/about/stories/students/images/rocio_mendoza.jpg]

"COD is making me realize that I can do much more than I thought I could. COD
has really helped me unfold as a person and become more open to try new things
and challenge myself, which is very important in life." - Rocio Mendoza

Rocio's COD Story [/about/stories/students/mendoza.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Medical Assistant program is to read
the Medical Assistant Registration packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/ma.pdf]. The packet contains a
registration checklist that you will need to follow in order to register for the
program.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/medical-assistant/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Medical Assistant, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/medical-assistant/medical-assistant-aas/]
 * Medical Assistant, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/medical-assistant/medical-assistant-certificate/#text]
 * Healthcare Office Assistant, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/medical-assistant/healthcare-office-assistant-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

In accordance with program goals outlined by the American Association of Medical
Assistants, College of DuPage Medical Assistant Program goals are: To prepare
competent entry-level medical assistants in the cognitive (knowledge),
psychomotor (skills), and affective (behavior) learning domains.

Upon completion of the Medical Assistant Program, the graduate will be able to
demonstrate knowledge of the subject matters required for competence in the
profession and demonstrate competence in the following academic subjects:


FOUNDATIONS FOR CLINICAL PRACTICE

 * Anatomy & Physiology
 * Applied Mathematics
 * Infection Control
 * Nutrition


APPLIED COMMUNICATIONS

 * Concepts of Effective Communication


MEDICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES

 * Administrative Functions
 * Basic Practice Finances
 * Third Party Reimbursement
 * Procedural and Diagnostic Coding


MEDICAL LAW AND ETHICS

 * Legal Implications
 * Ethical Considerations


SAFETY AND EMERGENCY PRACTICES

 * Protective Practices




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several medical assistant transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/medical-assistant.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Medical Assistant
program.

What does a medical assistant do?

Medical assistant jobs vary from office to office, but in general, these health
care workers will greet patients, update and file patient and medical records,
fill out insurance forms, schedule appointments and handle billing and
accounting procedures.

In addition, a medical assistant takes patient medical histories and vital
signs, prepares patients for examination, collects blood specimens by both
capillary or veripuncture technique, gives injections, removes sutures, performs
basic laboratory tests, sterilizes equipment, authorizes and phones in drug
refills, perform EKGs and explains treatment procedures to patients.

As with any healthcare position, there are certain occupational risks that come
into play with being a Medical Assistant and those hazards include the
following:

 * Exposure to infectious diseases
 * Sharps injuries
 * Bloodborne pathogens and biological hazards
 * Chemical and drug exposure
 * Ergonomic hazards from lifting, sitting, and repetitive tasks
 * Latex allergies
 * Stress

Where do medical assistants work?
In 2018, 95% of medical assistants surveyed work in physicians' practices and
the other 5% in hospitals, in nursing homes, outpatient facilities, public
health departments, and offices of other health practitioners, such as dentists,
podiatrists, chiropractors, and optometrists.
What is the starting salary for an entry-level medical assistant?
Earnings vary depending on location, experience and skill level. However, the
average entry-level medical assistant will earn approximately $19.02 per hour
according to the AAMA 2021 salary survey.
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Medical Assistant Program
[/academics/programs/medical-assistant/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/medical-assistant/current-students.aspx]



Medical Assistant Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/ma.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/medical-assistant/index.pcf]