https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/lemm.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: STEPHANIE LEMM

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Stephanie Lemm
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Student Stories: Stephanie Lemm
[/about/stories/students/images/stephanie_lemm.jpg]


Major: Hospitality Management

Stephanie Lemm’s family road trips began when she was a baby and became a
cherished part of her childhood memories.

They also nurtured a growing interest in hospitality.

“Due to my own homesickness when I was little, I became fascinated by how a
place can make you feel at home,” she said. “My goal since sixth grade has been
to work for Disney because it is a benchmark organization when it comes to
hospitality.”

Although she was admitted to several four-year institutions, Lemm chose College
of DuPage for a variety of reaons.

“As my interest in the hospitality industry as an area of study was still
indefinite, College of DuPage appeared as an institution at which I could better
connect with faculty and the community, and thus find my unique point of view
that I can carry with me in my future academic and career endeavors,” she said.
“Amid financial changes in my family, the monetary savings associated with
attending this community college were also undeniable. The experiences of one of
my brothers, several relatives and some family friends showed that the resources
and quality of education offered at College of DuPage make for a true value.”

Lemm pushed herself to get involved while at COD. For three semesters, her goal
was to attend at least one College-sponsored cultural event per week, which gave
her a better appreciation of everything COD offers as a community college.

“I attended 54 events gaining knowledge and inspiration from such sources as
Honors Student Advisory Committee field trips to area museums, the Music
Fridays@Noon series, art exhibits, student presentations and panel discussions
with professors and visiting experts,” she said.

Honors Program at COD [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/index.aspx]



She also was a member of Phi Theta Kappa and the Honors Student Advisory
Committee, for which she first was the Social Media Coordinator and then was
elected president.

“This allowed me to apply and strengthen my skills in facilitating teamwork,
acting as a liaison between students and the Honors Faculty Advisory Committee
and helping to professionally organize events in a manner that corresponded to
my studies in the hospitality management sector,” she said.

One of her most memorable experiences was working on and sharing her work in
Professor Timothy Henningsen’s English Compsition II course that consisted of
contributions to Wikipedia’s “Educational Entertainment” article. The project
resulted in her being interviewed and profiled for a post on the Wikipedia
Education Foundation blog.

“Not only was I able to translate my proliferating knowledge on the research
process in real time to a constantly evolving encyclopedia and communicate with
other editors, but I extensively journaled my progress on my personal blog that
originally launched for an English Composition I project,” she said. “To be
showcased later on the Wikipedia Education Foundation blog bolstered my pride in
my work and provoked my confidence to conduct other research projects for my
personal enjoyment.”

Her time at COD helped Lemm reach her childhood goal when she participated in
the Disney College Program at Walt Disney World. She honed her guest service
skills while working in EPCOT’s Park Arrival Merchandise department. This led to
a personal research project evaluating and comparing the 1933-34 World’s Fair
and the Disney parks.

In 2019, Lemm earned an Associate in Applied Science degree in Hospitality
Management and the Hospitality Foundations certificate. In doing so, she
graduated with highest honors and was named one of the Outstanding Graduate
finalists. She also was recognized for Academic Excellence by Discipline for
Hospitality.

College of DuPage was the best choice for where I was and where I wanted to be.

Stephanie Lemm

Lemm then finished her bachelor’s degree in Hospitality and Tourism Management
through the College’s 3+1 program with Roosevelt University, where she was a
research assistant and enjoyed an internship with the Office of Events at
Newberry Library. She also was a research intern for Trade Show Executive
magazine.

She currently works in the event ticketing industry. Her goals include earning a
master’s degree and a Ph.D., all in the hospitality field, while continuing to
develop her skills in writing and research. Lemm hopes to gain experience and
hold leadership roles in the hotel management and tourism industries, with a
focus on boutique and historic properties. She would like to focus her research
on sustainability, human resources and history as they relate to the hospitality
industry of the past, present and future.

3+1 Programs at COD [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx]



“By doing so, I believe that I can make the positive influence that I want to
see on the operations and the staff, guests, environment and other stakeholders
that are all so critical to the sector,” she said. “As I had not even been aware
of this potential path when I first began at College of DuPage, I am beyond
grateful to the institution and its faculty and staff for guiding me to this
course of action that continues to excite me.”

Lemm encourages students to think about what they want from their college
experience and take advantage of what COD offers.

“College of DuPage was the best choice for where I was and where I wanted to
be,” she said. “Based on my self-reflection after my first year here and the
actions I subsequently took, I would recommend that prospective students immerse
themselves in the extensive offerings of this community college, both inside and
outside of the classroom setting. To attend COD is to give oneself a wonderful,
efficient base at which to engage in discovery on personal and external levels,
and potential students should not be afraid to harness the occasion.

“I thank all of the professors I was lucky to have while at College of DuPage
for their support, belief in me and motivation that pushed me to expand my
capabilities to extents that I had not dared to explore in the past.” 

Learn more about the Hospitality Management program at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/lemm.pcf]