https://www.cod.edu/student_life/dean-of-students/religious.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students walking outside
[/admission/visit_cod/images/students-walking-outside-nature-banner.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Dean
of Students [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/dean-of-students/]Religious
Observances


RELIGIOUS OBSERVANCES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Behavioral Intervention Team
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/index.aspx]
   * In Case of Emergency
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/emergency.aspx]
   * Guide for Dealing with Classroom Disruptions
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/classroom-disruption-policy.aspx]
   * Responding to Students with Possible Behaviors of Concern
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/response.aspx]
 * Code of Academic Conduct
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/academic-integrity.aspx]
 * Code of Student Conduct [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-conduct.aspx]
 * Religious Observances [/student_life/dean-of-students/religious.aspx]
 * Student Complaint Process
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-complaint-process.aspx]
 * Student Rights and Responsibilities
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-rights.aspx]
 * Title IX – Preventing and Responding to Sexual Violence
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/title-ix.aspx]

College of DuPage grants students excused absences from class or other organized
academic activities for observance of a sincerely held religious practice or
belief as a religious accommodation, unless the accommodation would create an
undue hardship.

Students who expect to miss class in observance of a sincerely held religious
practice or belief are expected to make prior arrangements with their
instructor(s), as follows:

 * Students should make a request directly to their instructor(s) with as much
   notice as possible.
 * Complete the Student Religious Exceptions and Non-Attendance Request form
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/pdf/religious-exeption-form.pdf] and submit
   the form to your instructor in a mutually agreed upon fashion (through email,
   in-person, Blackboard)
 * Students anticipating an absence or missed coursework due to a sincerely held
   religious practice or belief should use best efforts to inform their
   instructor in writing no later than the third week of class, or at least one
   week before the absence in case a conflict occurs during the first three
   weeks of class.

Being absent from class or other educational responsibilities does not excuse
students from keeping up with any information shared or expectations set during
the missed class(es). Students are responsible for obtaining the materials and
information provided during any class(es) missed. The student can work with the
instructor to determine a schedule for making up missed work.


PROCEDURES FOR FACULTY/COURSE INSTRUCTORS IN RESPONDING TO STUDENT REQUESTS

 * Instructors should outline course obligations, dates and foreseen calendar of
   examination(s) as early as possible on course syllabus. Instructors should
   instruct students to inform them of any conflicts in accordance to the
   Accommodation of Religious Observances policy
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/pdf/religious-observances-policy.pdf].
 * Course instructors are strongly encouraged to make reasonable accommodations
   in response to student requests to complete work missed by absence resulting
   from observation of religious holidays. Such accommodations should be made in
   ways that do not dilute or preclude the requirements or learning outcomes for
   the course.
 * Course instructors should bear in mind that religion is a deeply personal and
   private matter and should make every attempt to respect the privacy of the
   student when making accommodations (for example, it is not appropriate to
   announce to the class that a student is doing a presentation or making up an
   exam at a later date because of their religious observance). Course
   instructors should not ask a student for proof that their religious practices
   or beliefs are sincerely held or for determining a religious accommodation.
 * Examples of religious accommodations include: rescheduling of an exam or
   giving a make-up exam for the student in question; altering the time of a
   student’s presentation; allowing extra-credit assignments to substitute for
   missed class work or arranging for an increased flexibility in assignment due
   dates.
 * The student should be given the opportunity to complete appropriate make-up
   work that is equivalent and intrinsically no more difficult than the original
   exam or assignment. Students who receive an exemption on religious grounds
   cannot be penalized for failing to attend class on the days exempted. The
   instructor may, however, appropriately respond if the student fails to
   satisfactorily complete any alternative assignment or examination.
 * If there are concerns about the requested accommodation, the instructor
   should consult their department head or dean for assistance and determination
   of whether a reasonable accommodation can be provided. If an agreement cannot
   be reached after consulting with the department head (or dean) the matter
   will be referred to the Dean of Student Affairs or designee, who will make
   the final determination following consultation with the Office of the General
   Counsel.


RELIGIOUS HOLIDAYS

College of DuPage is deeply committed to supporting its religiously diverse
community. We have provided a calendar which can be used in order to encourage
the religious and faith practices of all members of the College of DuPage
community.

This interfaith calendar provides information on select world religious holidays
that fall within College of DuPage’s academic calendar and may therefore effect
College of DuPage students. We recognize that the various religious traditions
observed by our student body include more than can be easily included on a list.
Additionally, some of the observation dates listed below may be more fluid due
to fluctuations of the Lunar calendar. This list is neither all-inclusive nor a
formal designation of religious holidays recognized by College of DuPage, but
may be used as an aid for planning purposes.



Religious Calendar [/student_life/dean-of-students/religious-calendar.aspx]



Students, Faculty and Staff who have questions or concerns regarding the College
of DuPage Accommodation of Religious Observance Policy may contact the Dean of
Student Affairs office.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Dean of Students
(630) 942-2485
Email: deanofstudents@cod.edu [deanofstudents@cod.edu]


RESOURCES

 * Accommodation of Religious Observances Policy
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/pdf/religious-observances-policy.pdf]
 * Religious Holiday Calendar
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/religious-calendar.aspx]
 * Student Religious Exceptions and Non-Attendance Request form
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/pdf/religious-exeption-form.pdf]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/dean-of-students/religious.pcf]