https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/medical-billing/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

stethoscope on medical records [/_resources/img/hero/medical-billing-hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Medical Billing


MEDICAL BILLING PROGRAM

The Medical Billing certificate is designed to provide students the necessary
knowledge and skills to become successful Medical Billers. This certificate
provides a comprehensive overview of the medical billing process, including
preauthorization, charge entry, claim preparation, submitting appeals, payment
posting, insurance follow-up, and patient follow-up. After successfully
completing the certificate, students will be well-equipped to enter the medical
billing industry and prepared to take the Certified Professional Biller (CPB)
national credentialing exam awarded by the AAPC.



AAPC Licensed Education Provider
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/logos/aapc-logo.png]





A medical billing certification is just the beginning. There are multiple
opportunities for career advancement, including roles in practice management,
auditing, documentation improvement, and compliance. Medical billers work in a
variety of settings including physician offices, insurance companies, government
agency and many employers offer remote work opportunities. Medical billing is
one of the few healthcare professions that does not require direct patient care.
There are numerous remote work opportunities and a predictable work schedule. It
is projected that there will be continued job growth with increased wages in the
future. 

Medical Billers are typically detail-oriented with strong problem-solving
skills. A typical Medical Biller is an extroverted personality with strong
customer service skills, an interest in medicine and possesses computer skills.
This person shall have an ability to collaborate with others and work in a team
environment, be a lifelong learner with strong written and verbal communication
skills.

Courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hit/] are offered part-time (three
classes each semester), in the evenings and are delivered in a combination of
online and hybrid formats (depending on the course) making it ideal for working
professionals or those who have other daytime commitments. 



First Step to Register - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Medical Billing graduates are employed in physician offices, billing companies
and insurance offices. They may even work from home.

Students interested in learning how to interpret medical documentation or have
an interest in applying procedural coding systems for reimbursement of physician
services can earn a certificate in Physician Coding
[/academics/programs/physician-coding/index.aspx]. 

Why College of DuPage?Certificate
Why College of DuPage?

Whether you looking to advance your career or enter a new field in medical
billing, COD offers:

 * Licensed Education Provider for the AAPC.
 * Exam based curriculum to ensure there are no surprises when it comes to
   credentialing exams.
 * Fall and spring start dates.
 * Dedicated educators with numerous years of field and classroom experience.
 * The opportunity to begin your new career in under a year. 

Certificate


MEDICAL BILLING CERTIFICATE

The Medical Billing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/health-information-technology/medical-billing-certificate/]
provides students with the technical knowledge and skills necessary to perform
diagnosis and procedure coding as well as billing for employment in a physician
office or outpatient clinic.

To become a certified coder, the following agencies administer coding
examinations:

 * American Health Information Management Association (AHIMA)
 * American Academy of Professional Coders (AAPC)


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Medical Billing program is to read the
Medical Billing Registration Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/medical-billing.pdf]. The packet contains
a registration checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible
for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/medical-billing/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Medical Billing, Certificate


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Medical Billing
program.

What is the difference between Medical Coding Medical Billing and Medical
Coding?
Both Medical billers and coders play crucial roles in the health care revenue
cycle, they perform different job duties. Medical billers work closely with
insurance companies to submit and process claims, reconcile patient accounts, as
well as resolve coverage and denial issues. Billers have direct contact with
patients so strong communication and customer service skills are required. 
Can I work remotely?
Yes, but, many employers require onsite training, or probationary period before
working fully remote. Another thing to keep in mind is medical billers are
required to meet accuracy and productivity standards as well as be logged in and
available for set company hours. Do not expect to able to perform your job
duties and care for children at the same time. Many companies require employees
sign contracts acknowledging they will have childcare during working hours.
However, earning nationally recognized credentials means, you can apply to fully
remote jobs throughout the country. 
Why should I get my Medical Billing credential?
Credentialed medical billers enjoy higher salaries, they are in high demand,
have a variety of job opportunities, and are more likely to be hired over a
non-credentialed candidate. 
I just want a part-time job. I’m retired or caring for small children, is this
right for me?
While there are part-time opportunities, it is important to remember the
healthcare field is in a constant state of flux. Laws, guidelines, and
regulations are always being updated and medical billers must stay current to
perform their required job duties. Medical billing is a career that requires
dedication to ongoing education and training. As a medical biller you are
critical to the financial health of an organization which requires your full
attention. If you are looking for a “light” job after they retire or to work
part-time while you meet family commitments, this may not be for you. 
How much money will I make?
According to the AAPC 2023 Salary Survey, the national average of Medical
Billers that hold the CPB credential was $56,981. This average does not account
for differing state economies, years of experience or additional education.
However, like most professions, experience and demonstrating mastery of skills
by earning industry credentials is the biggest factor on higher earnings. 
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Medical Billing Program
[/academics/programs/medical-billing/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/medical-billing/current-students.aspx]



Medical Billing Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/medical-billing.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/medical-billing/index.pcf]