https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/faq.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

girl in canoe paddling in a pond [/_resources/img/hero/field-studies-canoe.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Field and
Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/]Registration
Information and FAQs


FIELD AND EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING/STUDY ABROAD REGISTRATION INFORMATION AND FAQS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Field Studies and Outdoor Adventure Courses
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/courses-calendar.aspx]
 * Summer Language Immersion Study Abroad
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/index.aspx]
   * Costa Rica
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/index.aspx]
     * Costa Rica Travel Information
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/info.aspx]
     * Financial Aid & Scholarships
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
     * Application & Forms
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
     * Costa Rica Slide Presentation
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/pdf/presentation_costa_rica.pdf]
   * France
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/france/index.aspx]
     * France Travel Information
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/france/info.aspx]
     * Financial Aid & Scholarships
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
     * Application & Forms
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
     * France Slide Presentation
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/france/pdf/presentation_france.pdf]
   * Germany
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/index.aspx]
     * Germany Travel Information
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/info.aspx]
     * Financial Aid & Scholarships
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
     * Application & Forms
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
     * Germany Slide Presentation
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/germany/pdf/presentation_germany.pdf]
   * Italy
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/italy/index.aspx]
     * Italy Travel Information
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/italy/info.aspx]
     * Financial Aid & Scholarships
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
     * Application & Forms
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
     * Italy Slide Presentation
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/italy/pdf/presentation_italy.pdf]
   * Japan
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/japan/index.aspx]
     * Japan Travel Information
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/japan/info.aspx]
     * Financial Aid & Scholarships
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
     * Application and Forms
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
   * Spain
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/index.aspx]
     * Spain Travel Information
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/info.aspx]
     * Financial Aid & Scholarships
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
     * Application Forms
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
     * Spain Slide Presentation
       [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/pdf/presentation_spain.pdf]
   * Application & Forms
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
   * Financial Aid & Scholarships
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
 * Semester Study Abroad
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/semester_study_abroad.aspx]
 * Registration Information and FAQs
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/faq.aspx]
 * Financial Aid & Scholarships
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
 * Global Education on Campus
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/global_education.aspx]
 * Global Education Photo Contest
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/photo_contest.aspx]
 * Contact Us [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/contact.aspx]


HOW TO SEARCH AND REGISTER FOR FIELD STUDIES/STUDY ABROAD CLASSES

Effective immediately, we’re transitioning from myACCESS to Student Planning
[https://adfs.cod.edu/adfs/ls/?wa=wsignin1.0&wtrealm=urn%3ahttps%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu&wctx=https%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu%2f_layouts%2f15%2fAuthenticate.aspx%3fSource%3d%252F&wreply=https%3a%2f%2finside.cod.edu%2f_trust%2fdefault.aspx].
Check out the video
[/IT/StudentPlanning/Student%20Planning%20-%20Add%20Class%20Sections%20and%20Register/Student%20Planning%20-%20Add%20Class%20Sections%20and%20Register.html]
and step-by-step instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-search-register-student-planning.pdf] to familiarize
yourselves with the new tool. While it’s noticeably different, we think that
with practice you will find it easier to locate Field Studies/Study Abroad
classes.

Note: you don’t have to do a new search to see classes in a future term. Student
Planning lists all of them in term order.

We’re here to help you. Call (630) 942-2356 or email [fssa@cod.edu] us with any
questions. You can also visit our office in the Berg Instructional Center (BIC),
Room 3520, Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

Students who do not pay their tuition bills are not automatically withdrawn from
courses. Prices and itineraries are subject to change. Lodging accommodations
are based on double occupancy. Refunds are not given for unused portions of a
field experience. 


COURSE OPENINGS AND REGISTRATION

New Field Studies/Study Abroad courses (with trip fees of $500 or more) will
open on the first Friday of each month. Online registration opens at 12 a.m. The
list of courses opening for registration that month will be posted at the
beginning of that week. Look under "New Classes" on the first Friday date on the
calendar [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/courses-calendar.aspx] for
details. First Friday courses are also announced on Field and Experiential
Learning/Study Abroad Facebook [https://www.facebook.com/CODFieldStudies/].


IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR STUDENTS TRAVELING ABROAD

The safety and well being of our students are always our first priority. Faculty
leaders, program coordinators and administrators regularly monitor situations
that potentially pose risk to our students abroad. We will cancel any program
that we determine endangers the safety of our students and staff. We monitor
U.S. Department of State travel advisories
[https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/traveladvisories/traveladvisories.html.html].
You are encouraged to review the U.S. Department of State website
[https://www.state.gov/travelers/] so that you can make an informed decision to
participate in your study abroad experience. We encourage students traveling
abroad to register for the U.S. Department of State Smart Traveler Program
[https://step.state.gov/step/].


PASSPORT AND REAL ID INFORMATION

If you do not have a passport, or your passport expires within six months of the
program dates, you MUST apply for a passport or renew your passport immediately.
Passports can take up to four months to obtain. Do not wait until you are
accepted into or registered for a program.

A driver's license, state ID, or other federally approved documentation will be
accepted by TSA for domestic travel until May 7, 2025. After that date, you must
have a REAL ID, a valid passport, or other federally approved-for-travel
documentation for domestic flights. For more information on travel
documentation, visit the Department of Homeland Security Transportation Security
Administration [https://www.tsa.gov/real-id]. A valid passport is required for
international travel. The passport expiration date must extend six months beyond
the travel dates.


LIABILITY RELEASE AND ASSUMPTION OF RISK FORM

Participants in all Field and Experiential Learning/Study Abroad programs must
complete the Liability Release and Assumption of Risk form
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/pdf/liability-release-form.pdf].

Please feel free to contact us at with additional questions or concerns.


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Can I go on a trip without signing up for the course or courses?
No. All courses must be taken for credit. There are no exceptions. However, many
of the people taking these courses are not traditional students. Many of the
people in these courses may not "want" the course credit, but they choose these
programs because they want to learn about the subject matter of the trip.
Grading options can be arranged with the faculty to reflect these choices.
How much work is involved with the courses?
As with all courses, it depends. For a one-credit physical education class such
as rock climbing, canoeing or backpacking, students must show an effort to learn
the associated skills. In other courses, the mastery of specific content is
required and graded. Check with our office or the course instructor for more
information.
Can I take courses on a satisfactory/fail basis?

Possibly. The decision to approve the satisfactory/fail option is up to the
instructor. The satisfactory/fail option usually allows a student to complete
less work than would be required for an "A" or "B" grade.

Are payment plans available?

Yes. For courses with fees over $500, payment plans are available. Payment plans
may vary by course. Contact our office for details.

What is the withdrawal process and refund policy?

Students are responsible for withdrawing from a course by contacting the Field
Studies/Study Abroad office. Be aware that there are no guaranteed refunds. Once
you register, you will be responsible for any fees incurred on your behalf by
the college. In the event that you must withdraw from the course, we will make
every effort to find a replacement. Once the expenses for the course have been
reconciled, we may provide a partial or full refund; however, this is not
guaranteed. More information about travel insurance for domestic and
international programs
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/pdf/travel-insurance-information.pdf]

What is the experience level required?

Unless it is noted, all courses are for beginners. Some courses are created to
offer options at various skill levels. Check with the instructor if you have
questions or concerns about your skill level.

Will all of the students be 18 or 19 years old?

Although it's hard to predict who will register for a class, it is not uncommon
for classes to have students who are 18 years old, 80 years old, and everywhere
in between. Students must be 18 years or older to register for classes that
include group travel. 

What equipment do I need?

Equipment needs depend on the course. For most activity courses, equipment like
kayaks, tents, sleeping bags, paddling gear, backpacks, and climbing gear is
provided. Students may need to obtain personal items like boots, special
clothing, utensils, headlamp/flashlight, etc. Contact the instructor for
equipment questions or concerns.

Can I sign up for a course before my regular COD registration date?

Yes. New Field Studies/Study Abroad courses (with trip fees of $500 or more)
will open on the first Friday of each month. Online registration opens at 12
a.m. The list of courses opening for registration that month will be posted at
the beginning of that week. Look under "New Classes" on the first Friday date on
the calendar [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/courses-calendar.aspx] for
details.

What is the experience level of instructors?

All lead instructors have experience both in the classroom and in leading field
studies. We are committed to using only certified lead instructors whenever a
commonly accepted certification exists.

Do these courses count for graduation credit?

All courses offered through this department are for credit and may be either
electives or required courses. To determine how a Field Studies or Study Abroad
course fits your academic plan, meet with Counseling, Advising and Transfer
Services [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx].

If I really enjoy a certain course, can I take it again?

Yes. You may take the same course again; however, your grade will be recorded as
"R" for repeat, and you will receive no additional credit for the course.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
General inquiries: (630) 942-2356
Email: fssa@cod.edu [fssa@cod.edu]
Additional Contact Information
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/contact.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/field/faq.pcf]