https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/accounting/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Teacher lectures to accounting class
[/_resources/img/hero/accounting-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Accounting Program


ACCOUNTING PROGRAM

The Accounting program at College of DuPage provides fundamental, advanced
education and practice in accounting principles in areas of business, technology
and taxation. Accountancy courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/accou/]
consist of bookkeeping, payroll, QuickBooks, income tax return preparation,
auditing and more.

Certificate and occupational accounting programs are designed for students who
plan to join the workforce immediately after college as accounting clerks,
bookkeepers, junior accountants, bank tellers, credit analysts, auditing clerks
and tax preparers. The program is also designed for students who are considering
changing careers or interested in becoming a Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
[/academics/programs/accounting/cpa-exam.aspx].

Students can also earn an Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accounting-transfer-pathway-aa/]
in Accounting or an Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accountancy-aas/] degree in
accounting.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Employment opportunities are available in public accounting, government, private
industry, forensic accounting, finance, management, private and corporate tax
preparation. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in accounting, planning to transfer to a
four-year college or university or updating your skills, COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/accounting/contact.aspx] with
   years of practical industry experience, certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible course schedules [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/accou/] with
   day and evening classes, online learning and accelerated hybrid classes.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies, including
   providing free tax preparation services
   [/academics/programs/accounting/tax-prep.aspx] for the community.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * An advisory board [/academics/programs/accounting/advisory-board.aspx] made
   up of practicing professionals ensures that College of DuPage’s Accounting
   program teaches skills that are relevant and in demand by today’s employers.
 * An innovative transfer program
   [/academics/transfer/programs/accountancy.aspx] that facilitates a
   convenient, affordable and streamlined approach to earning a bachelor's
   degree.
 * Certificate and degree programs designed to prepare prospective candidates to
   earn the coveted Certified Public Accountant
   [/academics/programs/accounting/cpa-exam.aspx] (CPA) credential. 
 * Discounts on local and national accounting memberships.
   [/academics/programs/accounting/current-students.aspx]

Degrees


ACCOUNTING, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Accounting Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accountancy-aas/] degree
program prepares students to become accounting clerks, bookkeepers, junior
accountants, bank tellers, credit analysts, auditing clerks and tax preparers.
Job opportunities exist in accounting firms, manufacturing companies, financial
institutions, insurance companies, service organizations and not-for-profit and
government agencies.


ACCOUNTING TRANSFER PATHWAY, ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The Accounting Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accounting-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]degree
program starts students on the road to becoming professional accountants by
providing the first two years of college coursework. Career opportunities for
professional accountants include public accountant, auditor, tax specialist,
management consultant, internal revenue service agent, financial analyst, credit
analyst, cost accountant and budget analyst.

Job opportunities exist in public accounting firms, manufacturing companies,
financial institutions, insurance companies, service organizations and
not-for-profit and governmental entities. After completing their initial program
of study at COD, many students transfer to a four-year institution and earn a
bachelor's degree in accounting.

Certificates


PARAPROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT

The Paraprofessional Accountant certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/paraprofessional-accountant-certificate/] prepares
students for positions in bookkeeping, accounting, payroll, or tax preparation
services under the direction of a Certified Public Accountant.


ADVANCED ACCOUNTING

The Advanced Accounting certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/advanced-accounting-certificate/] is
designed for Certified Public Accountant Examination candidates who have already
earned a baccalaureate degree.

To be admitted to take the CPA examination, a candidate in Illinois must have
successfully completed at least 150 semester hours of acceptable credit,
completed a baccalaureate or higher degree, including a minimum number of hours
in accounting and business courses.


ACCOUNTING SPECIALIST

The Accounting Specialist certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accounting-specialist-certificate/]
students for entry-level positions in areas such as accounts payable, accounts
receivable, and payroll.  Also develops computerized general ledger software
skills to complement this role.


BOOKKEEPING

The Bookkeeping certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/bookkeeping-certificate/]
provides skills to record the financial transactions of a business.


BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND CONCEPTS

The Business Environment and Concepts certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/management/business-environment-concepts-certificate/] is
designed for CPA Examination candidates who have a non-business baccalaureate
degree.


INCOME TAX PREPARER CERTIFICATE

The Income Tax Preparer Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/income-tax-preparer-certificate/]
prepares students for entry-level positions preparing income tax and payroll tax
returns and general tax form preparation for individuals and small businesses.


COD STORIES

Nico Falco [/about/stories/students/images/nico-falco.jpg]

“Just know that College of DuPage has faculty that truly cares about their
students’ success in and out of the classroom. That’s why I chose COD! And I
can’t think of a better place where I could have started." - Nico Falco

Nico's COD Story  [/about/stories/students/falco.aspx]


COD STORIES

Chambopha Loera [/about/stories/students/images/chanbopha_loera.jpg]

“COD helped me find my path and everything I wished for. I hope others students
gain a wide perspective and see the great opportunity of education that COD has
to offer in many significant ways." - Chanbopha Loera

Chanbopha's COD Story [/about/stories/students/loera.aspx]


COD STORIES

Samuel Wilson [/about/stories/students/images/samuel-wilson.jpg]

“At COD, you don’t just learn the material to pass the test. I learned the
material, took the test and then applied the knowledge through programs like
VITA.” - Samuel Wilson

Samuel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wilson-samuel.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bianca Donato [/about/stories/students/images/bianca_donato.jpg]

“COD not only helped me transition from the daily routine of high school to the
more independent routine of college, but it also gave me wonderful friends and
an incredible mentor, Maureen McBeth. In my two years at College of DuPage, I
grew both as a student and a person.” - Bianca Donato

Bianca's COD Story [/about/stories/students/donato.aspx]


COD STORIES

Stephanie Przybyla [/about/stories/students/images/stephanie_przybyla.jpg]

“COD helped me tremendously as I moved toward my educational and career goals. I
was able to change major several times freshman year without worrying too much,
and after taking my first accounting course, I knew that is what I wanted to
pursue.” - Stephanie Przybyla

Stephanie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/przybyla.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in accounting is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Accounting, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accountancy-aas/]
 * Accounting Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/accounting-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Advanced Accounting, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/advanced-accounting-certificate/]
 * Bookkeeping, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/bookkeeping-certificate/]
 * Paraprofessional Accountant, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/accountancy/paraprofessional-accountant-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Accounting Program graduates will:


ACCOUNTING COMPETENCIES

Demonstrate accounting competencies of the profession that add value to business
and contribute to a prosperous society in the following areas: Risk Assessment,
Analysis and Management, Measurement Analysis & Interpretation, Reporting,
Research, Systems & Process Management, and Technology & Tools


PROFESSIONAL COMPETENCIES

Demonstrate professional competencies that relate to the skills, attitudes and
behaviors of accounting professionals in the following areas: Ethical Conduct,
Professional Behavior, Decision Making, Collaboration, Communication, and
Project Management.


BUSINESS COMPETENCIES

Demonstrate business competencies that relate to the broad business environment
in which accounting professionals work in the following areas: Strategic
Perspective, Global and Industry Perspectives, Process and Resource Management
Perspectives, Government Perspective, and Customer Perspective




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several accountancy transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/accountancy.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


ACCOUNTING STUDENT BECOMES AN OUTSTANDING GRADUATE

Samuel Wilson
[/about/stories/students/images/samuel-wilson.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/WlIHhzWhzt4?rel=0

Samuel Wilson explains how College of DuPage helped him succeed to become one of
two students to receive COD's outstanding graduate recognition. Through his
involvement, Wilson also received a scholarship from the Illinois Community
College Faculty Association (ICCFA), awarded to only seven community college
students in Illinois annually.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Accounting
program.

What is the difference between an Associate in Arts and an Associate in Applied
Science degree in accounting?

An Associate in Arts degree in accounting is usually geared for students who
plan to transfer to a four-year university in a residential, full-time program.

The Associate in Applied Science degree is accepted by many local colleges and
universities, especially adult part-time programs.

The Associate in Arts degree includes more liberal arts courses, while the
Associate in Applied Science degree focuses more on a specialty area.

How do I know if accounting is right for me?

You may be well-suited for a career in accounting if you:

 * Desire a job with a good starting salary and potential for advancement.
 * Like working with people in an office setting.
 * Can effectively follow instructions and assume responsibility.
 * Enjoy working with numbers and are detail-oriented and organized.
 * Would like to combine your accounting skills with state-of-the-art computer
   technology.

Employment prospects for entry-level jobs are competitive. Because of this, you
should be prepared academically and you must possess excellent oral and written
communication skills and strong computer skills.

To advance in the accounting field, you should plan to continue your education
after completing your initial program of study. Educational plans that include
transferring to a baccalaureate-granting school will enhance your opportunity
for advancement.

Is every course offered every semester?

Every accounting course is not offered every semester, but many accounting
courses are available each term.

Basic courses are offered every semester.
[https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses/Search?subjects=ACCOU&SearchResultsView=1]
These courses are also offered in day, evening and weekend sessions.

Which courses should I take as a CPA exam candidate?

There are specific requirements you must meet to take the CPA exam. Visit CPA
Examination Requirements [/academics/programs/accounting/cpa-exam.aspx] for more
information.

How can I obtain more information about accounting at COD?
Contact Program Chair Maureen McBeth at (630) 942-2879 or mcbeth@cod.edu
[mcbeth@cod.edu] for more information on the Accounting program. 
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now [http://admissions.cod.edu]

Contact the Accounting Program [/academics/programs/accounting/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/accounting/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/accounting/index.pcf]