https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/culinary/culinary-arts/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

A person's hand cutting into a dessert
[/_resources/img/hero/culinary-arts-food.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Culinary Programs
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/culinary/]Culinary Arts


CULINARY ARTS PROGRAM

If you have a passion for food, the Culinary Arts program is both exciting and
challenging. Curriculum incorporates industry trends to provide students
education and experience they need to be successful. The program averages 16
students per class, enabling one-on-one support and guidance. 

Culinary arts classes [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/culin/] are taught in
state-of-the-art facilities. Equipment in the College’s Culinary and Hospitality
Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/chc.aspx] features
sophisticated skills kitchens, a chocolate room and a culinary amphitheater for
guest lectures and demonstrations.

Degree programs require students to serve internships which help them gain
professional experience, enhance skills and test the waters in different areas
of the industry. The program is accredited by the Education Foundation of the
American Culinary Federation. The American Culinary Federation (ACF) program
outcomes report [/academics/programs/culinary/pdf/acfefac.pdf] outlines
graduation rate and job placement.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The hospitality industry is the nation's largest private sector employer.
Culinary Arts graduates become chefs in major restaurants or start their own
businesses.

Why CODDegreesCertificate
Why COD

You want to attend a college that stands out from the rest. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/culinary/contact.aspx] with years
   of practical industry and teaching experience.
 * State-of-the-art instructional kitchens with individual stations including a
   a chocolate room and a culinary amphitheater.
 * Flexible course schedules with day, evening and weekend classes.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention. 
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * An articulated transfer program with several prestigious institutions.
 * Accreditation from the Education Foundation of the American Culinary
   Federation, making COD one of the few schools in the nation to have
   accreditation for both food service administration and culinary arts. 

Degrees


CULINARY ARTS, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Culinary Arts, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/culinary-arts-aas/] degree
program in Culinary Arts offers a full range of courses consisting of a minimum
of 64 credits in program requirements and general education.

The curriculum covers sanitation, measurements and basic kitchen skills moving
to restaurant preparation in advanced level courses such as International and
Contemporary Cuisine, Garde Manger, Supervision and Management, and Fast Casual
Service.

Start your culinary journey in state-of-the-art kitchens that hold a maximum of
16 students at 16 separate cooking stations. Learn to make stock in bulk, use
your senses to distinguish favors, and practice different cooking methods, as
well as using your skills in the Wheat Café and the fine dining Waterleaf
restaurant. In addition, you will be provided with a culinary passport to give
you global knowledge of various cuisines.

Certificate


CULINARY ARTS

The Culinary Arts certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/culinary-arts-certificate/#text]
program provides training that allow students to enter into the job force
quickly. Without compromising the Culinary Arts and Baking and Pastry,
Culinology curriculum, students may forego general education electives and
consider completing those courses at a later date. The Culinary Arts certificate
requires 25 credits and allows students to enter into the job force quickly.

 


COD STORIES

Raquel Black [/about/stories/students/images/raquel_black.jpg]

"The Culinary Arts program grew my knowledge of cooking and the industry
exponentially. I wouldn’t be here today without the faculty support I was
given.” - Raquel Black

Raquel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/black.aspx]


COD STORIES

Juan Gallegos [/about/stories/students/images/juan_gallegos.jpg]

"My advice to anyone who joins the Culinary Arts program at COD is to not be
afraid to ask questions, as the instructors and your peers have great knowledge
to share. COD helped me gain firsthand experience on how restaurants work and
what to expect in real-world situations.” - Juan Gallegos

Juan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gallegos.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ashley Sabo [/about/stories/students/images/ashley_sabo.jpg]

"COD has given me real-world experience in the field, such as working in the two
restaurants that are in the Culinary and Hospitality Center (CHC) and through
internships." - Ashley Sabo

Ashley's COD Story [/about/stories/students/sabo.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kelly Sears [/about/stories/students/images/kelly_sears.jpg]

"I was able to attend classes, continue working, and balance my life at home by
choosing College of DuPage. That opportunity wouldn’t necessarily have been
available to me had I made a different culinary school choice." - Kelly Sears

Kelly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/sears.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in culinary arts is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options


ACADEMIC AND CAREER PATHWAYS

Determine the pathway you need to take to graduate on time.

 * Culinary Arts, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/culinary-arts-aas/]
 * Culinary Arts, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/culinary-arts/culinary-arts-certificate/#text]

Program Learning Outcomes

Culinary Arts program graduates will:

 * Understand the techniques and skills necessary for the preparation and
   service of quality foods in a professional setting.
 * Demonstrate the ability to prepare and serve foods typical of all types of
   food service facilities.
 * Become aware of the many career possibilities in the Culinary, Baking &
   Hospitality field and develop the skills necessary for employment.
 * Demonstrate the ability to apply basic accounting skills to Culinary and/or
   Baking industry applications.
 * Demonstrate the ability to analyze legal consequences that may arise from a
   management standpoint.
 * Demonstrate the ability to use, purchase, and inventory information by
   planning menus for various types of dining while taking into consideration
   all aspects of basic menu planning including current nutritional trends.
 * Demonstrate the ability to work well with personnel from both the front and
   back of the house.
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the various types of table service by
   preparing foods appropriate to each type of service.
 * Demonstrate professionalism and leading by example when working with others.
 * Demonstrate the abilities to convert recipe quantities, use standard weights
   and measures correctly and to write and follow standard recipe procedures.
 * Utilize all large and small equipment in commercial kitchens and bakeshops
   correctly and safely.
 * Practice safe food handling and storage techniques while maintaining good
   personal hygiene and facilities.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several culinary arts transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/culinary-arts.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


EXPLORE THE SKILLS KITCHEN

A male student wearing a white jacket and chef's hat works in the Skills Kitchen
at COD
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/culinary-skills-kitchen-student.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/sL67nFwpURs?rel=0

Students will learn all of the basic building blocks of cooking in the Culinary
Arts and Hospitality Center's state-of-the-art Skills Kitchen.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Culinary Arts
program.

How much does the Culinary Arts program cost?

Students enrolled in the Culinary Arts program pay the current tuition rate.
[/costs/tuition/index.aspx]Textbooks for classes cost approximately $75. If you
are in a laboratory class, you will need to purchase tools and a uniform and pay
a laboratory fee. Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx] are available
throughout the school year.

Where can uniforms, knives and supplies be purchased?

Students who are enrolled in any culinary, pastry or management laboratory
classes will need to purchase uniforms as part of the class requirements.

 * Culinary Students: knife kit, checked pants, embroidered chef coat, skull
   cap, bib apron, and two side towels
 * Pastry Students: checked pants, embroidered chef coat, skull cap, bib apron,
   and two side towels
 * Hospitality Students: black pants, white shirt with embroidered Waterleaf
   logo, black bistro apron

Uniforms and hand tools must be purchased through COD to ensure a consistent
experience for students.

A few things to note:

 * Uniforms and supplies are included in the lab fees for their respective class
   and will be ordered in class on the first day. Incoming students will receive
   an email outlining the procedure.
 * While not included in the packages, appropriate shoes are required. Shoes
   should be sturdy, black, closed toed, and have a non-slip sole.  Brands such
   as Sketchers [https://www.skechers.com/technologies/features/slip-resistant/]
   work shoes and Shoes for Crews
   [https://www.shoesforcrews.com/catalog/Foodservice] are acceptable options. 
   No gym shoes are allowed.


If you have questions on uniforms, contact Associate Professor David Kramer at
kramerd@cod.edu [kramerd@cod.edu?subject=] or (630) 942-2868 or Culinary Market
and Lab Coordinator Laura Lerdal at lerdal@cod.edu [lerdal@cod.edu?subject=] or
(630) 942-2359.
What do I need to wear to class?


CULINARY CLASSES

 * Appropriate shoes are required. Shoes should be sturdy, black, closed toed,
   and have a non-slip sole. Brands such as Sketchers work shoes, Shoes for
   Crews, and Dansko clogs are all acceptable options. No gym shoes.
 * College-issued black and white checked pants, hemmed, cleaned and pressed.
 * College-issued white apron.
 * College-issued white skull cap
 * Two side towels.
 * College-issued long sleeve chef coat with name and program insignia.


RESTAURANT SERVICE AND SALES CLASSES

 * Appropriate shoes are required. Shoes should be sturdy, black, closed toed,
   and have a non-slip sole. Brands such as Sketchers work shoes, Shoes for
   Crews, and Dansko clogs are all acceptable options. No gym shoes. 
 * Cleaned, pressed, college-issued white dress shirts with embroidered
   Waterleaf logo.
 * Cleaned, pressed black dress pants.

Where are classes held?

Culinary and hospitality classes are held in the Culinary and Hospitality Center
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/chc.aspx]located on the College of
DuPage campus in Glen Ellyn. The College is located about 25 miles west of
downtown Chicago.

Is on-campus housing available?

There is no on-campus housing at COD. Contact Student Life at (630) 942-2243 for
further information on housing.  

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Culinary Arts Program [/academics/programs/culinary/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/culinary/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/culinary/culinary-arts/index.pcf]