https://www.cod.edu/registration/myaccess-student-planning.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student walking around the chappy fountain
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-bic-fountain-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Registration Services
[https://www.cod.edu/registration/]


STUDENT PLANNING AND MYACCESS ASSISTANCE

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Planning and myACCESS Assistance
   [/registration/myaccess-student-planning.aspx]
 * Registration Information [/registration/registration-information.aspx]
 * Appeals Information [/registration/appeals-information.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Registration Forms [/registration/forms/index.aspx]
   * Audit Enrollment Change Request
     [/registration/forms/audit-enrollment-change.aspx]
   * Cooperative Agreement Request
     [/registration/forms/cooperative-agreement.aspx]
   * Dual Credit Roster Change Request
     [/registration/forms/dual-credit-roster-change-request.aspx]
   * Late Withdrawal Appeal [/registration/forms/late-withdrawl-appeal.aspx]
   * Medical Appeal [/registration/forms/medical-appeal.aspx]
   * Permit to Register [/registration/forms/permit-to-register.aspx]
   * Tuition Appeal [/registration/forms/tuition-appeal.aspx]
 * Newly Added Courses [/aspcod/updatedclass/course_sections.asp]
 * Permit Information [/registration/permit-registration.aspx]
 * District 502 Residency [/registration/district-502-residency.aspx]
 * CAREER consortium [/registration/career-consortium.aspx]

College of DuPage has two self-service tools, Student Planning and myACCESS for
Students, which can be used to complete everyday tasks online 7 days a week.
Follow the instructions on this page for the most common student tasks.

You must be a current College of DuPage student to log into the student portal
and register for credit classes. If you have not applied to College of DuPage,
visit Admissions and Outreach [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx] to get
started. If you’re looking for non-credit continuing education classes, visit
Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/registration.aspx] for
more information.


WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO DO?

Register for my planned classes

These instructions are for students who have met with Counseling and Advising
[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx] and already have planned classes
added to their account. 

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/registration/pdf/register-my-planned-classes.pdf].

 1.  Log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/].
 2.  Locate the myACCESS tab. Click on myACCESS for Students. From the drop-down
     menu select Student Planning, then select Student Planning Self-Service.
 3.  Under the heading Plan your Degree & Register for Classes click on Go to
     Plan & Schedule, or using the side menu click on the Academics menu,
     Student Planning, then Plan & Schedule (on a mobile device, select the menu
     in the top left corner).
 4.  On the Plan & Schedule page classes that have been added to your plan will
     be displayed in yellow and indicate “Planned” below the course name. If you
     don’t see the current term, click on the directional arrows “< or >” until
     the current term is displayed. To add the next term, click on the “+”
     symbol.
 5.  A blue Register button will be available below the course if a section
     (day, time, and instructor) was chosen when the class was added to your
     plan. Click Register to enroll in the course.
 6.  If you don’t have a register button you will need to pick a section (day,
     time, and instructor) first. Click View Other Sections below the course
     name to see the sections of this class being offered for the current term.
 7.  All sections being offered will appear as a list below the course name they
     will also show on the grid to the right of the list appearing on the days
     and times they occur. As you hover your mouse over the section it is
     highlighted on the grid. There may be multiple pages to look through. Use
     Filter Sections to refine the sections further. When choosing a section
     look at the details of each one carefully (Seats Available, Date, Time,
     Location and Instructor).
 8.  To choose a section click on it. Click Add Section. This will add that
     course and section to your plan and will remove the rest of the options in
     the list.
 9.  When you’re ready to register return to the Plan & Schedule If you’re not
     taken there automatically after adding the section, click Academics menu,
     Student Planning, then Plan & Schedule. You should now see a Register
     button.
 10. After clicking Register the message “Updating Schedule” will appear. If
     registration was successful, the course will change from yellow as planned,
     to green as registered. The class will now indicate Registered, but not
     started below the course name and there will now be a Drop button (“but not
     started” appears only if the class has not begun yet).
 11. Secure your classes by enrolling in a payment plan or paying in full. If
     you are using financial aid or veteran’s benefits make sure your aid is
     finalized and your award to covers your full balance. Visit the Payment
     Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx] webpage and read
     How to Avoid Being Dropped for Non-Payment.

Search the current schedule of classes and register (add a class).

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-search-register-student-planning.pdf].

 1.  Log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/] and click
     on "myACCESS for Students." From the drop down menu select
     “Student Planning," then select “Student Planning Self Service.”
     Next, click on “Go to Plan & Schedule” located under “Plan Your Degree &
     Register for Classes.” 
 2.  Next, on the Plan your Degree and Schedule page make sure you’re in the
     correct semester by clicking on the directional arrow next to the semester.
     Click on the + symbol to add the next semester.
 3.  Locate the search box with the magnifying glass. Here you may type the
     subject, subject and course number or class name. For example, to search
     for ENGLISH 1101 - English Composition, you may enter: ENGLI, ENGLISH,
     ENGLI 1101, ENGLISH 1101 or English Composition. 
 4.  A list of courses matching your search criteria will be generated. You can
     “Add Course to Plan” (often used with Counseling & Advising) or select
     “View Available Sections” to see all sections (days/times/instructors)
     being offered this semester for this course.
 5.  Click “View Available Sections” and you will see a list of all sections
     being offered the current semester. Review the Seat Availability, Times,
     Location and Instructor. Click on any section of the course to see
     additional details such as prerequisites and a course description.
 6.  Click "Add Section to Plan" if you’d like to add it to your plan.
 7.  If you clicked Add Section to Plan, this specific section of this course is
     now listed as planned and it will be displayed in yellow. You are not
     registered yet.
 8.  You can continue to add more courses to your plan or if you’re ready to
     register, select “Back to Plan & Schedule.”
 9.  Once back on the Plan and Schedule page, locate the planned courses and
     click the blue “Register” button for each class individually OR click the
     “Register Now” button to register all planned courses.
 10. After clicking Register, the message “Updating Schedule” will appear. If
     registration was successful, the course will change from yellow as planned,
     to green as registered. The class will now say “Registered” above it. Your
     schedule will populate on the grid and show course meeting days/times. NET
     classes will appear below the grid and only show start and end dates.
 11. Payment is required the same day you register or you risk being dropped.
     View the Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
     webpage for more information and instructions on how to pay in full. Visit
     the Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx] page where you
     can find general information about our payment plans as well as How to
     Guides including how to enroll.

Register for a class with permission from waitlist.

Permission to register will expire at 11:59 pm the same day you receive an email
notification to your dupage.edu mail that a seat is available. If you fail to
register, you will be dropped from the waitlist and permission will move to the
next student in line on the waitlist. If you have an Academic Standing hold on
your account you will be unable to register online and must contact Student
Registration Services during normal business hours to register. View detailed
instructions [/registration/pdf/how-to-register-waitlist.pdf].

Search the current schedule of classes without login.

If you would like to see the current schedule of classes offered and are not a
current student, view detailed instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-search-classes-no-login.pdf].

View my planned classes.

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-view-planned-classes.pdf].

 1. Log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/], click on
    myACCESS for Students and from the drop down menu select “Student Planning,”
    then select “Student Planning Self Service.”
 2. On the next screen under “Plan Your Degree & Register for Classes” click on
    “Go to Plan & Schedule.”
 3. On the Plan & Schedule page make sure you’re in the correct term by clicking
    on the directional arrow next to the term. Click on the + symbol to add the
    next term.
 4. Classes that have already been added to your plan will be displayed on the
    left side of the page and say “Planned.” If you’re viewing on a cell phone
    you must scroll down to see the planned classes. Note , these classes are
    planned, you are not registered for these classes until you click the
    “Register” button. Once registered, the color changes to green, instead of
    “Planned” it will say “Registered,” and there will be a “drop” button.

Drop a class from my schedule.

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-drop-class-student-planning.pdf].

 1. Log into the portal at inside.cod.edu. [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 2. After logging into the portal at inside.cod.edu, click on myACCESS for
    Students then select “Student Planning” from the drop-down menu, then select
    “Student Planning Self Service.”
 3. Next, click on “Go to Plan & Schedule” located under “Plan Your Degree &
    Register for Classes.”
 4. Locate the class you wish to drop. Click the blue “Drop” button. A pop up
    will appear confirming the class you have elected to drop. Make sure the
    correct class is selected and click “Update.”
 5. The class will be dropped from your schedule; however, the course will
    remain in your planned courses.

View my class schedule and refund dates.

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-view-schedule-refund-dates.pdf]. 

 1. Log into the portal at inside.cod.edu. [https://inside.cod.edu]
 2. After logging in, click on myACCESS for Students then select “Academic
    Profile” from the drop-down menu, then select “My Class Schedule.” Select
    the current term.

Your class schedule will provide class meeting information, a link to purchase
textbooks, and the last day to drop with 100% and 50% refund as well as the last
day to drop/withdraw with no refund.

Pay for my classes.

View the payment policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx] for
general information about our payment policy as well as instructions for how to
pay in full.

Visit payment plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx] to find general
information about our payment plans.

Request a Permit.

Visit permit information [/registration/permit-registration.aspx] for general
information on how to request a permit.

Video Tutorials


HOW TO REGISTER FOR PLANNED CLASSES

Watch the following video to learn how to register for classes that have already
been added to your plan. Classes will be added to your plan during an advising
session with Counseling and Advising. Students may also add classes to their
plan independently. If you need guidance determining the appropriate classes to
register for, contact Counseling and Advising
[/student_life/resources/counseling/contact.aspx].

How to Register for Planned Classes Video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=7462526&a=165113678]

Key points in the video:

 * Sign in and navigate to plan & schedule page: 0-01:57
 * Register for planned classes: 01:57-05:49
 * Search for an additional class on the plan and schedule page: 05:49-08:17
 * Payment policy info: 08:25-end


HOW TO SEARCH FOR CLASSES AND REGISTER

Watch the following video to learn how to search for a class, view available
sections, add it to your plan, and register. The video is intended for students
who know the specific class they need to register for. If you need guidance
determining the appropriate classes to register for, contact Counseling and
Advising [/student_life/resources/counseling/contact.aspx].

How to Search for Classes and Register Video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=7441409&a=210963353]

Key points in the video:

 * Sign in and navigate to the Advanced Search page: 0-01:37
 * Section listing search: 01:37-05:44
 * Catalog listing search: 05:51-07:25
 * Register for planned classes: 07:25-09:06
 * Payment policy info: 09:06-end


HOW TO FIND HONORS COURSES IN STUDENT PLANNING

Process Update: The following video shows the student going to the Quick Links
menu and logging into myACCESS for Students. This process has changed. To log
into Student Planning, where you will search and register for classes, complete
the following steps:  

 1. Log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu] with your
    username and password.
 2. Click on the arrow next to "myACCESS for Students." 
 3. From the drop-down menu select "Student Planning."
 4. Select "Student Planning Self Service."
 5. Next, click on "Go to Plan & Schedule" located under "Plan Your Degree &
    Register for Classes." Once there you may follow the video instructions to
    search and register for classes.

How to find Honors Courses in Student Planning Video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=4957704&node=16256725&a=1762245899&autoplay=1]

 

To view other video tutorials, visit the COD Student Portal
[https://inside.cod.edu/] and click on the help tab where the following video
tutorials are available:

 * Student Planning - Add Class Sections and Register
 * Student Planning - Help Tools
 * Student Planning - How to Change My Plan
 * Student Planning - Intro

Resolve a Student Restriction Hold

If you have a restriction hold on your student record that is preventing you
from adding or dropping classes you may determine the type of hold and the
appropriate office to contact for assistance by following these detailed
instructions
[/registration/pdf/how-to-understand-student-record-restrictions.pdf].

If you need to drop a class while the restriction hold is in place, contact
Student Registration Services for assistance.


ADDITIONAL FEATURES OF STUDENT PLANNING AND MYACCESS

Financial Information

To access: log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/],
[https://inside.cod.edu/]select myACCESS for Students, then select Student
Planning. In Student Planning choose Financial Information (the bank symbol)
from the side menu. If on a cell phone the menu can be accessed by clicking on
the 3 bars in the upper left-hand corner. If you have logged directly into
myaccess.cod.edu look under the Financial Aid menu.

 * Financial Aid Required Documents
 * My Awards, Award Letter
 * Federal Shopping Sheet
 * Satisfactory Academic Progress.
 * 1098T Electronic Consent & View Forms

Academics

To access: log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/],
[https://inside.cod.edu/]select myACCESS for Students, then select Student
Planning. In Student Planning choose Academics (the graduation cap symbol) from
the side menu. If on a cell phone the menu can be accessed by clicking on the 3
bars in the upper left-hand corner. 

 * Course Catalog – An alphabetical listing by subject, of courses offered at
   the College of DuPage.
 * Grades – See the recorded grades for completed classes.
 * Unofficial Transcript – View and print a copy of your unofficial transcript.
   It will only show completed/graded classes.
 * Transfer Summary – A summary of transfer credits from other institutions.

View Your Progress

To access: log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/],
select myACCESS for Students, then select Student Planning, next select Student
Planning Self Service then select “Go to My Progress” under View Your Progress.

 * View your progress toward a degree or certificate, modify your education
   plan, communicate with your program advisor

Academic Profile

To access: log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/],
select myACCESS for Students, then select Academic Profile from the drop-down
menu.

 * Grades
 * Degree Evaluation – see how many credits you need to complete the academic
   program you have selected
 * Unofficial Transcript and Official Transcript order form
 * Enrollment verification request - proof of your status as a student.
   Insurance companies, loan agencies and other organizations may require a
   verification in order for you to be eligible for certain benefits.
 * My Profile – view all student information including address and phone,
   academic program, GPA, priority registration credits and any student
   restrictions that would prohibit registration.
 * Final Exam Schedule
 * Transfer Equivalencies
 * Transfer Course Summary
 * Student Prerequisites

Student Forms

To access: log into the portal at inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/],
select myACCESS for Students, then select Miscellaneous from the drop-down menu,
or if you have logged directly into myaccess.cod.edu look under the
Miscellaneous heading.

 * Application for Degree or Certificate
 * Company Sponsored Billing Request
 * Cooperative Agreement Request
 * Course Description Request
 * Final Grade Report Request
 * F-1 International Student Change of Address Form
 * Int'l Student Services Document Request Form
 * Int'l Student Services Transfer Out Request Form
 * Late Withdrawal Appeal
 * Medical Appeal
 * Petition for Failing Grades
 * Prerequisite Verification Request
 * Senior Citizen Tuition Waiver
 * Student Academic Program Change Request
 * Tuition Appeal
 * Vaccination Exemption Request - Health Condition
 * Vaccination Exemption Request - Religious
 * W-9S Request for Tax payer


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Registration Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2221
Phone: (630) 942-2377
Email: registration@cod.edu [registration@cod.edu]

Regular Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Student Help Desk: (630) 942-2999

Individuals who need language assistance, call Campus Central at (630) 942-3000
or email campuscentral@cod.edu [campuscentral@cod.edu].

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/registration/myaccess-student-planning.pcf]