https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students smiling at a table
[/_resources/img/hero/business-conference-males-females-group-smiling-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Financial Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/]Policies
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/policies/]Satisfactory Academic
Progress


SATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
 * Return of Title IV Aid
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx]
 * Rights and Responsibilities
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx]
 * Satisfactory Academic Progress
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]

The College is required, by Federal regulations and State policy, to monitor
academic progress toward a degree or certificate for all financial aid
applicants. These standards ensure that only those recipients demonstrating
progress toward the completion of their education continue to receive financial
aid. This policy is applied consistently to all students regardless of
enrollment status.


SATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS POLICY

Students are considered to be meeting Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP)
standards if the following three requirements are met:

 * Course Completion Rate
 * Cumulative Grade Point Average
 * Maximum Timeframe Standard

Compliance is measured at the end of each semester. Students who meet all three
requirements are placed on Good Standing


COURSE COMPLETION RATE REQUIREMENT

Students’ total earned (completed) hours must be equal to or greater than 67% of
the cumulative total of students’ attempted credit hours for all periods of
enrollment at College of DuPage. Hours attempted are courses for which any
grades appear on your college record, including transfer credits and remedial
courses. All attempted hours are counted for all terms, even those for which a
student did not receive financial aid, as well as those waived under the Grade
Forgiveness Policy *.

 * Grades of A, B, C, D, P and S are considered earned hours.
 * Grades of F, I, R and W are NOT considered earned hours.
 * W grades from the Spring 2020 semester using a COVID-19 drop code will not be
   included in the calculation.
 * Students with an incomplete class at the end of a term who are placed on
   warning or suspension must notify the Office of Student Financial Assistance
   when a grade change has been posted.
 * Repeated courses count as attempted hours and the higher grade is used in the
   GPA calculation.
 * Non-credit courses are not counted in attempted hours or GPA.
 * Below 1000 level courses and pass/fail courses count in the attempted hours.
 * Students that receive a zero completion rate their first term will be
   immediately suspended.


CUMULATIVE GRADE POINT AVERAGE REQUIREMENT

Each student must maintain a minimum cumulative grade point average of 2.0. All
attempted hours are counted for all terms, even those for which a student did
not receive financial aid, as well as those waived under the Grade Forgiveness
Policy *.

 * Students that receive a zero GPA their first term will be immediately
   suspended.


MAXIMUM TIME FRAME REQUIREMENT

The maximum time frame students have to complete their degree or certificate is
equal to 150% of the credit hours required for the completion of the degree or
certificate (calculated as program length x 1.50). All attempted hours are
counted for all terms, even those for which a student did not receive financial
aid, as well as those waived under the Grade Forgiveness Policy *. It includes
completed, failed and withdrawn classes. Transfer hours that are accepted count
as both attempted and completed hours. Students may receive financial aid for up
to 30 remedial credits, which are not computed into the maximum time frame
requirement. Eligible ESL coursework is not included in attempted hours. The
total attempted hours are not adjusted for a student who changes majors or
pursues an additional degree.

Examples of maximum attempted hours:

 * Certificate Program requiring 30 credit hours: 30 X 1.50 = 45 Maximum Credit
   Hours Attempted.
 * Degree Program requiring 64 credit hours: 64 X 1.50 = 96 Maximum Credit Hours
   Attempted.

Students will be placed on Financial Aid Suspension Status once they have
exceeded 150% of the required credit hours needed to complete their program. The
College will notify students who are close to reaching the maximum time frame
limit.

Note: Students with a Bachelor’s Degree must appeal to receive aid due to the
maximum time frame standard associated with the Federal standards of
Satisfactory Academic Progress. College of DuPage uses all attempted credits,
including transfer credits, when calculating the maximum time frame for a
student's program. Since College of DuPage only offers certificate and associate
degrees, students that have already earned a Bachelor’s Degree have exceeded the
maximum time frame for the degree they are seeking at College of DuPage.


FINANCIAL AID WARNING

 * Students failing to meet GPA and/or completion rate requirements are placed
   on Financial Aid Warning for one semester. While on Warning, students are
   eligible to receive financial aid. College of DuPage does not have a
   Satisfactory Academic Progress forgiveness policy. Students on warning will
   remain on warning even after an extended absence of enrollment.
 * The Warning semester is meant to inform the student of academic problems.
 * Students who meet both the GPA and completion rate requirements after the
   Warning semester will be returned to Good Standing.


FINANCIAL AID SUSPENSION

 * Students who fail to meet GPA and/or completion rate requirements after the
   warning semester will be placed on Financial Aid Suspension. Students
   exceeding 150% of the required credit hours needed to complete their program
   will also be placed on suspension. College of DuPage does not have a
   Satisfactory Academic Progress forgiveness policy. Students on suspension
   will remain on suspension even after an extended absence of enrollment.
 * While on Suspension, students are not eligible for any Federal and certain
   forms of State Financial Aid.
 * Students that receive a zero completion rate or zero GPA their first term
   will be immediately suspended.


REINSTATEMENT OF FINANCIAL AID

If financial aid is suspended for failure to maintain the required 2.0 GPA
and/or failure to successfully complete the minimum of 67% of all hours
attempted or a zero completion rate and/or GPA. Financial aid may be reinstated
by:

 * Enrolling at the student’s own expense and successfully completing the
   appropriate number of credit hours needed to achieve the 67% standard and/or
   bring the GPA to 2.0.

If financial aid is suspended for failure to maintain the required 2.0 GPA
and/or failure to successfully complete the minimum of 67% of all hours
attempted and/or exceeding 150% of the credit hours require to complete a
program or a zero completion rate and/or GPA. Financial aid may be reinstated
by:

 * Receiving approval for Probation status based on a successful appeal
   submitted to the Financial Aid Appeals Committee.


FINANCIAL AID PROBATION

 * This status is assigned to students who have successfully appealed their
   Suspension.
 * Eligibility for financial aid is reinstated on a probationary basis, for the
   period covered in the student’s approved educational plan. If students fail
   to meet the requirements of the approved appeal they will once again be
   placed on Financial Aid Suspension.
 * Students who are meeting the requirements of their approved educational plan,
   but have not yet reached Good Standing Status after the plan expires, may
   continue to be eligible for aid on a term-by-term basis under Probation
   Status after a new educational plan has been submitted and approved. Students
   remaining on Probation Status must continue to meet the requirements of their
   approved appeal each term, or they will once again be placed on Financial Aid
   Suspension.


APPEAL PROCESS

Students may appeal
[https://proone.proed.org/AdobeSign/ProDocDocumentRequest/?formId=2746]their
suspension status if circumstances beyond their control (i.e. serious illness or
injury, death of an immediate family member, etc.) prevented them from
maintaining a 2.0 GPA and/or completing 67% of their attempted coursework and/or
completing a program within 150% of the maximum time frame or completing zero
coursework. Circumstances that will not be considered in an appeal include, but
are not limited to, being unprepared for college, not aware of SAP policy, lack
of attendance due to work, etc. All appeal circumstances must be fully
documented.

The appeal must: 

 1. Clearly state the extenuating circumstances for failure to meet the SAP
    requirements.
 2. Clearly state what has changed in your situation that will allow you to
    successfully complete all future attempted classes.
 3. If appealing the Maximum Time Frame Requirement, you must explain the reason
    for exceeding the Maximum Time Frame Requirement. 
 4. Include all supporting documentation.
 5. All students must submit an educational plan or course plan as approved by
    an advisor or counselor.

Documentation of the circumstances and an educational plan must be submitted
before an appeal will be considered. When your appeal is complete, you may
submit your appeal to the Office of Student Financial Assistance.

Appeals and supporting documentation must be submitted to the Office of Student
Financial Assistance by Sept. 30 for the Fall semester, Feb. 28 for the Spring
semester, and June 30 for the Summer semester. Appeals are considered for the
semester in which they are submitted, and are never retroactive to previous
terms. Appeals submitted after the current term due date may be considered for
the following term.

Federal regulations require the Financial Aid Committee to consider several
factors when reviewing an appeal, including whether or not a student will be
able to meet GPA and/or course completion rate requirements within the student’s
allowable Maximum Time Frame. All appeal documentation must be submitted
directly by the student. The Committee will not contact third parties (doctors,
counselors, family members, etc.) for additional information. All Committee
deliberations are confidential, and the decisions of the Committee are final.

Students are limited to two (2) approved SAP appeals during their entire
enrollment at College of DuPage.



SAP Appeal
[https://proone.proed.org/AdobeSign/ProDocDocumentRequest/?formId=2746]




GRADE FORGIVENESS POLICY

The Academic Regulations Committee reviews all requests for petition of failing
grades [/records/forms/petition-for-failing-grades.aspx]. If you meet the
following criteria there will be a notation on your official transcript
indicating that you have been granted forgiveness for the failed course(s).

 * Only F grades will be considered.
 * A period of at least 36 months of non-enrollment has elapsed since the end of
   the last term of grades to be forgiven (excluding non-credit classes).
 * Upon return, a minimum of 12 consecutive semester hours with no grades of
   'D', 'F', 'S', 'I', or 'X' and no more than two 'W' grades must be earned at
   College of DuPage before forgiveness will be considered. In addition, a
   student must earn the same number of credit hours with a grade of 'C' or
   better equal to the number of credit hours of 'F' grades to be forgiven.
 * A maximum of 25 quarter hours or 18 semester hours of 1000-level courses and
   above will be forgiven.
 * Forgiveness will be granted one time only for each student.

Refer to Standards of Academic Progress in the Academic Information section of
the current College of DuPage Catalog for additional information.



Petition of Failing Grades [/records/forms/petition-for-failing-grades.aspx]




CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Financial Assistance
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2220
(630) 942-2251
Email: financialaid@cod.edu [financialaid@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-2151

Regular Hours

 * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.instagram.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Facebook logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.facebook.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Twitter logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@CODFinancialAid [https://www.twitter.com/CODFinancialAid]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.pcf]