https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Two nursing students working with their instructor on how to use equipment
[/_resources/img/hero/nursing-simulation-teacher-students-equipment.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Nursing Program


NURSING PROGRAM

The Associate Degree in Nursing (ADN) program prepares students to deliver
nursing care in a variety of healthcare environments. The two-year program
begins every fall and spring semester and prepares students to transfer to a
bachelor's degree program.

Along with fulfilling general education requirements and completing required
nursing courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/nursi/], students will gain
hands-on experience in the Nursing Simulation Laboratory
[/academics/programs/nursing/nursing-simulation-lab/index.aspx]located within
the Health and Science Center
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx](HSC). In the HSC,
students will: 

 * Learn how to handle over 50 different scenarios in the Simulation Laboratory,
   ranging from administering medication to dealing with cardiac arrest.
 * Learn using real-world equipment in the four bed-hospital Simulation
   Laboratory with lifelike manikin, a nursing station, birthing suite and
   debriefing room.

The program is designed so students can become Licensed Practical Nurses (LPN)
halfway through their studies, allowing them to secure professional employment
as they finish their associate degree.

Graduate are eligible to take the National Council Licensure Examination
(NCLEX-RN). ADN graduates have a 95 percent pass rate on board certified exams
due to the robust curriculum, rigor of the program, quality of faculty and hard
work of nursing students.


ADMISSION INFORMATION

Students must complete specific steps in order to apply to the ADN program which
includes attending a mandatory advising session. Students have the opportunity
to review the advising session presentation
[/academics/programs/nursing/pdf/advising_session.pdf] prior to attending.

 * A full list of admission requirements can be found in the admissions packet.
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/adn_packet.pdf]
 * Students who are returning to the nursing program can reference the nursing
   re-admission packet.
   [/academics/programs/nursing/pdf/adn-readmission-packet.pdf]



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Develop skills to provide direct care to patients, families and communities in
various clinical settings including schools, hospitals, community health
centers, outpatient clinics, home care, telehealth, mobile clinics, shelters,
state prisons and summer camps.

Why CODDegreesCertificatesProgram Accreditation
Why COD

The Nursing program at College of DuPage is unlike any other community college
nursing program. COD offers: 

 * Dedicated instructors with years of teaching and patient care experience.
   Graduates of the ADN program have a 95 percent pass rate on board certified
   exams.
 * Hands-on learning through the state-of-the-art Simulation Laboratory.
   [/academics/programs/nursing/nursing-simulation-lab/index.aspx] Students are
   also given the opportunity to work with other COD programs through
   large-scale simulated events. 
 * A one-on-one mentorship environment. The Nursing program assigns new students
   an upper-level student mentor to help them navigate the program. New students
   are also assigned a faculty advisor to help with guidance, support and other
   opportunities.
 * Innovative transfer programs [/academics/transfer/programs/nursing.aspx] that
   facilitate a convenient, affordable and streamlined approach to earning a
   bachelor's degree.
 * The opportunity to join Alpha Delta Nu National Honor Society
   [/academics/programs/nursing/alpha-delta-nu.aspx] for elite nursing students.
 * Program approval from the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional
   Regulation/Board of Nursing and the Illinois Community College Board (ICCB)
   and reaccreditation in 2018 by The Higher Learning Commission.

Degrees


NURSING

The Nursing Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/nursing/nursing-aas/] degree program
prepares graduates to deliver nursing care in various health care environments.

Upon successful completion of the program, students are eligible to take the
Registered Nursing (RN) licensing exam National Council Licensure
Examination-Registered Nurse (NCLEX-RN). The Illinois Department of Financial &
Professional Regulation (IDFPR) awards the license upon successful completion of
the exam.

Certificates


PRACTICAL NURSING

The Practical Nursing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/nursing/practical-nursing-pn-certificate/]
integrates classroom, laboratory, and clinical instruction to teach concepts and
skills that the Practical Nurse (PN) contributes to care of patients.

Graduates are eligible to take the NCLEX-PN exam. This certificate is only
available to students admitted into the Associate Degree Nursing program.

Program Accreditation

The ADN program is currently accredited by the Accreditation Commission for
Education in Nursing, Inc (ACEN).

Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing, Inc.
3390 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1400
Atlanta, GA 30326
Phone: (404) 975-5000
Fax: (404) 975-5020.


PROGRAM OUTCOME DATA

NCLEX-RN Pass Rates Year Pass Rate 2020 95% 2021 93% 2022 83%

 

3-Year Program Completion Rates Admitting Cohort 3-Year Program Completion Rate
Spring 2019 54% Fall 2019 73% Spring 2020 65% Fall 2020  66% Spring 2021 62% Fal
2021 62%

 

Job Placement Rates Graduating Cohort  % Employed 1-Year After Graduation Spring
2020 90% Fall 2020  89% Spring 2021  86% Fall 2021  94% Spring 2022  100%

 


COD STORIES

Jhenevie Oca [/about/stories/students/images/jhenevie-oca.jpg]

“The best thing about COD is how much it cares about the students. I was able to
build so many lasting relationships and it prepared me for the future.” -
Jhenevie Oca

Jhenevie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/oca.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kim Armour [/about/stories/students/images/kim_armour.jpg]

“Life is waiting for you and as you look for the next journey of your life, walk
through the door. If you get on the other side and it’s not what you thought,
pause and ask yourself, ‘What did I learn?" - Kim Armour

Kim's COD Story [/about/stories/students/armour.aspx]


COD STORIES

Brandon Smith [/about/stories/students/images/brandon_smith.jpg]

“The program constantly strives to give the students the best experiences
available through wonderful clinical sites, a quality simulation hospital and
teachers genuinely invested in their students’ success." - Brandon Smith

Brandon's COD Story [/about/stories/students/smith_brandon.aspx]


COD STORIES

Stephanie Torres [/about/stories/students/images/stephanie_torres.jpg]

“Thinking back to COD always puts a smile on my face. It was one of the best
experiences of my life." - Stephanie Torres

Stephanie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/torres_stephanie.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sarah Stetina [/about/stories/students/images/sarah_stetina.jpg]

“I formed relationships with other COD nursing students that have had such a
profound impact on my life. Despite being all over the country, we stay
connected to each other and constantly champion one another." - Sarah Stetina

Sarah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/stetina.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the program is to read the admissions
packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/adn_packet.pdf]. The packet
contains a admission checklist that you will need to follow in order to be
eligible for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/nursing/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Maps

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Nursing, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/nursing/nursing-aas/]
 * Practical Nursing (PN), Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/nursing/practical-nursing-pn-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

The College of DuPage Associate Degree Nursing Program curriculum incorporates
established professional standards, guidelines, and competencies.

 * Safety: Provide safe and holistic nursing care throughout the lifespan to a
   culturally diverse society grounded in science and the nursing process.
 * Patient-Centered Care: Apply nursing judgment to ensure the delivery of
   patient-centered care and promotion of health for patients within a family
   and community context.
 * Collaboration and Teamwork: Collaborate effectively within nursing and
   interdisciplinary healthcare teams to foster open communication, respect and
   shared decision-making.
 * Evidence-Based Practice an Quality Improvement: Incorporate a spirit of
   inquiry to make evidence-based clinical judgments and management decisions
   for quality improvement.
 * Informatics: Integrate information and technology to communicate, manage
   knowledge, and support decision making in the practice of nursing care.
 * Professionalism: Assumes accountability for practice in accordance with
   professional, legal and ethical standards.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several nursing transfer opportunities
[/academics/transfer/programs/nursing.aspx] in place with four-year colleges and
universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Nursing program.

I'm interested in the nursing program, where do I start?

If you are new to College of DuPage, you should start by talking to an
Admissions Representative at (630) 942-2626.

If you have taken classes at COD before, you should start by attending an
Advising Session; these are posted online
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]. 

Attending an advising session should be the first thing you do whether you are a
current or prospective student.  

 * Group session
 * No registration; no fee
 * Plan to attend the entire session

Do I need to be a certified nursing assistant (CNA) to apply?

You need to complete CNA prerequisites in order to apply. There are three ways
you can show proof you've completed the CNA requirement: 

 1. Be listed on the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) Health Care
    Worker Registry or
 2. Submit certification of completion to hsdmissions@cod.edu
    [hsdmissions@cod.edu] or
 3. Take the NURSA 1105 course at College of DuPage

The following are the prerequisite courses that must be completed by the date
specified in the ADN admissions packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/adn_packet.pdf]:

 * Math 1102, equivalent or higher with grade C or better
 * Micro 1420, equivalent or higher with grade C or better
 * A&P 1551 and 1552, OR 1571 and 1572, equivalent or higher with grade C or
   better. 

Review the ADN admissions packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/adn_packet.pdf] for more information on
completion deadlines.

Do prerequisite courses expire?

Only A&P 1551/71 and 1152/72 prerequisite courses expire as they need to be
completed within five years. Refer to the ADN admission packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/adn_packet.pdf] for more information.

A&P 1500 is not an acceptable course for the ADN program.

How do I register for the HESI A2?

You can register online for the HESI A2 through the Testing Center
[/academics/testing/index.aspx]. The exam cost is $60 and is non-refundable.

HESI A2 test scores are valid for two years from the date of the examination.
You are allowed to repeat the test every 60 days, for a total of three attempts
in one calendar year. Refer to the ADN admission packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/adn_packet.pdf] for more information.

How do I apply for the 3+1 in nursing?

Once you have made the decision to pursue the 3+1 nursing program with either
Benedictine University or Governors State University, you need to fill out a 3+1
program application [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx].

The application ensures you are receiving the most up-to-date information for
anything related to the 3+1 Nursing programs.

After you have been accepted into College of DuPage's Associate Degree Nursing
program and you are approximately a semester away from completing the program,
you need to submit an admission application to either Benedictine University or
Governors State University for their Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree
program, and follow their application process.

Can I get financial aid for the ADN program?
You can receive financial aid for the ADN program, as long as you meet the
financial aid eligibility requirements
[/costs/financial_aid/policies/index.aspx]. Additional information can be found
on Understanding Your Financial Aid
[/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx] or you can call the
Financial Aid Office at (630) 942-2251.
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Associate Degree in Nursing Program
[/academics/programs/nursing/contact.aspx]





Current Students [/academics/programs/nursing/current-students.aspx]



ADN Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/adn_packet.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/nursing/index.pcf]