https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/astronomy/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

man teaching others how to use a telescope
[/_resources/img/hero/astronomy-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Earth Science Program
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/]Astronomy


ASTRONOMY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Program Course Map [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/earth-science/]

Astronomy is the study of our universe. This includes our solar system with the
Sun, its planets, moons, asteroids, and comets as well as other stars, nebulae,
star clusters, galaxies and the universe as a whole. COD offers several courses
to meet your interests and curriculum needs, in classroom or independent study
formats. 


PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS

Please consult a faculty member listed below before beginning your coursework.


DEGREE

 * Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-science-degree/]
 * Student Planning Worksheet
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/student_planning/student_planning_aa_as_current.pdf]:
   Use When planning your coursework. 
 * Course Descriptions
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/earth/]


CLASSROOM COURSES

Our traditional format courses provide the student a structured learning
environment. It provides the benefits of learning directly from the instructor,
as well as the opportunity to ask questions, collaborate with and learn from
with other students. Content is delivered by lecture and then lab exercises are
completed with another student before submission.


EARTH SCIENCE 1120 - INTRODUCTION TO ASTRONOMY

 * A non-lab overview of all areas of astronomy
 * Minimal math skills are required of the student
 * Provides an appreciation of our knowledge of the universe
   
   


EARTH SCIENCE 1122 - SOLAR SYSTEM

 * An overview of our Sun, the planets, major moons, asteroids and comets
 * Investigates the formation and evolution of our solar system and others
 * In-class lab exercises broaden and deepen student learning
   
   


EARTH SCIENCE 1124 - STARS AND GALAXIES

 * An overview of stars, galaxies and the universe as a whole
 * Investigates the formation and evolution of stars, galaxies, and the universe
 * In-class lab exercises broaden and deepen student learning
   
   


EARTH SCIENCE 1126 - OBSERVATIONAL ASTRONOMY

 * An overview of how to observe the heavens
 * Major topics include the sky, telescopes, and observational techniques
 * Lab exercises broaden and deepen student learning
    


HONORS ASTRONOMY COURSES

Honors courses cover the same content as regular courses in an accelerated
twelve-week classroom schedule. The remaining four weeks of the term are used
for students to perform a research project on a topic of their choosing from the
course. The instructor provides assistance and guidance in every class to ensure
students enjoy the project and are successful.


EARTH SCIENCE 1122 HONORS - SOLAR SYSTEM

 * An accelerated overview of our Sun, the planets, major moons, asteroids and
   comets
 * Investigates the formation and evolution of our solar system and others
 * Lab exercises broaden and deepen student learning
 * Students perform four-week research projects to utilize what they learned


EARTH SCIENCE 1124 HONORS - STARS AND GALAXIES

 * An accelerated overview of stars, galaxies and the universe as a whole
 * Investigates the formation and evolution of stars, galaxies, and the universe
 * Lab exercises broaden and deepen student learning
 * Students perform four-week research projects to utilize what they learned


CAREER INFORMATION

If you enjoy studying our solar system or the universe, you may be interested in
a career in astronomy. An astronomy career involves various factors for success.
The information outlined below is intended to help you understand the role,
understand the education requirements, understand the job market, and know where
to get more information.

The primary organization of professional astronomers in the US is The American
Astronomical Society. Their website is a great place to start your search for
information: www.aas.org [http://www.aas.org]

On this site you will find pages devoted to Career Services, Education Services,
Employment statistics, and so forth. These provide a wealth of information to
get you started.


OTHER ASTRONOMY-RELATED WEBSITES

 * astronomy.com [http://www.astronomy.com]
 * Sky and Telescope [https://skyandtelescope.org/] 


FACULTY

Joe DalSanto [dalsantoj228@cod.edu], Astronomy
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3C06D, (630) 942-2163

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division
[/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx]
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06, (630) 942-3210


COD STORIES

Ray Schlosser [/about/stories/students/images/ray_schlosser.jpg]

"Most students might not be aware of this, but COD is one of the best colleges
around. Being a student there definitely helped me to transition into a large
university for my bachelor's" - Ray Schlosser

Ray's COD Story [/about/stories/students/schlosser.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rachel Fry [/about/stories/students/images/rachel_fry.jpg]

"The barrier between students and professors does not exist at COD. I feel like
I’ve developed a relationship with my professors. They worked in their fields
and have excellent advice to share. - Rachel Fry

Rachel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fry.aspx]


COD STORIES

Andrew Krall [/about/stories/students/images/andrew_krall.jpg]

"I've been able to take all of my gen eds and it’s cool how flexible my schedule
can be. I have so many options to pick and choose from, and this allows me to
work and save money." - Andrew Krall

Andrew's COD Story [/about/stories/students/krall.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/earth_science/astronomy/index.pcf]