https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/fire/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Firefighter looking at camera [/_resources/img/hero/firefighter-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Fire Science Program


FIRE SCIENCE PROGRAM

A career as a firefighter or emergency care provider requires dedication, desire
and commitment, but it can be very rewarding and those who secure employment are
deeply committed to their peers and serving the community.

College of DuPage offers two-year degrees in Fire Science Technology and
Emergency Medical Services, as well as firefighter, emergency medical technician
[/academics/programs/fire/emt/index.aspx] (EMT) and paramedic
[/academics/programs/fire/paramedic-program.aspx] certificates. The College is
also offering a new Public Safety Telecommunicator
[/academics/programs/fire/telecommunicator-certificate.aspx] certificate
program.

Fire and Emergency - Higher Education
[/academics/programs/fire/images/fire__emergency_service_higher_education.jpg]Whether
you are just starting out or are already employed in the Fire Science industry,
College of DuPage offers fire science classes
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/fire/] in a flexible schedule that will
help you attain your goals in this exciting and rewarding field.

Courses are offered in the state-of-the-art Robert J. Miller Homeland Security
Education Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.aspx] (HEC).
The HEC includes a life-size street scene with fire truck bays, ambulance
simulator, working fire hydrants and a simulation hazmat/smoke room.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Employment of firefighters, EMTs and paramedics is expected to grow faster than
average. The growing population and the need to replace workers who retire will
result in many job openings. An increasingly aging population will lead to an
increasing number of requests for services. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates 
Why COD

Whether you are interested in earning an Associate in Applied Science degree in
EMS or Fire Science Technology or an EMT, firefighter or paramedic certificate,
COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of EMS and Fire Service experience,
   certifications and licensing
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies
 * Clinical and field partners that provide vital hands-on experience with
   actual patients
 * A pathway to prepare students for the rigor of paramedic training following
   completion of EMT
 * An excellent reputation among EMS and Fire Service agencies, with
   professional networking and career opportunities

Degrees


FIRE SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY

The Fire Science Technology Associate in Applied Science Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/fire-science-technology-aas/]
degree program encompasses both firefighting and emergency medical services, as
well as the theory and techniques of firefighting required by most fire
departments. Students planning to transfer to baccalaureate-granting
institutions should consult with the program coordinator before enrolling in
Fire Science Technology courses to ensure transferability of credits.

The Fire Science Technology Program is recognized as one of the top
service-oriented fire programs in Illinois. The program has been awarded
national recognition through the Fire and Emergency Services Higher Education
Program (FESHE) which recognizes College of DuPage's adoption of standardized
core courses and commitment to fire and EMS professional development.

Training from this program is beneficial for both professional firefighters
interested in increasing their knowledge and skill levels, as well as for
firefighter candidates. 


EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES

The Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/emergency-medical-services-aas/]degree
encompasses both firefighting and emergency medical services, with a focus on
emergency medical services and the administration of those services in all
situations. Students planning to transfer to baccalaureate-granting institutions
should consult with the program coordinator before enrolling in courses to
ensure transferability of credits.

The program focuses on emergency medical services and the administration of
those services in any setting. After completion of the degree and all of the
objectives of the Illinois Department of Public Health are passed, the student
is allowed to take the State of Illinois Paramedic Licensing exam.

Learn More About Applying for the Paramedic/EMS Degree Program
[/academics/programs/fire/paramedic-program.aspx]

Certificates 


EMERGENCY MEDICAL TECHNICIAN

The Emergency Medical Technician certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/emergency-medical-technician-certificate/]
is designed for students and professionals who have an interest or are currently
employed in the field of fire science or the emergency medical field.

Introduction to the study of pre-hospital care as it relates to patient
assessment, treatments and transportation to the hospital. After successful
completion of the certificate and all of the objectives of the Illinois
Department of Public Health (IDPH) are passed, the student is allowed to take
the State of Illinois IDPH State Licensing exam or the National Registry of
Emergency Medical Technician Certification exam.

Students interested in completing this ten-credit-hour course are encouraged to
enroll early, as the classes fill up quickly.



Learn More About Applying for the EMT Certificate Program
[/academics/programs/fire/emt/index.aspx]




FIREFIGHTER

This Firefighter certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/fire-fighter-certificate/]
provides firefighter recruits with information on the fundamentals of
orientation; fire behavior, streams, and cause and origin; the use of hoses,
ropes, ladders, safety equipment, extinguishers, self-contained breathing
apparatus and tools; forcible entry; overhaul; ventilation; water supply; rescue
and emergency medical care; alarms and communication; inspections; hazardous
materials; salvage; and sprinkler systems.

This certificate also includes a study of the design, function and operating
characteristics of motorized fire apparatus, and training in the skills
necessary to qualify for fire apparatus engineer/driver/operator positions. To
enroll in this certificate program, student must be a full-time, part-time,
volunteer or paid-on call member of a fire department or fire brigade.


PARAMEDIC

Most fire departments actively seek candidates with paramedics training.
Throughout the Paramedic certificate program
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/paramedic-certificate/],
students will receive advanced training in emergency care, rescue techniques,
illness assessment and the handling of hazardous materials. Students will also
receive training in advanced life support techniques, including administering
medications, starting intravenous infusions and providing advanced cardiac
care. 

After successful completion of the Paramedic certificate and all of the
objectives of the Illinois Department of Public Health are passed, students is
allowed to take the State of Illinois Paramedic Licensing exam.

NOTE: College of DuPage Fire Science Technology classes meet or exceed the
requirements for certification with the Office of the State Fire Marshal (OSFM)
Division of Personnel Standards and Education, the National Registry of EMT's
(NREMT), and the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH).


PUBLIC SAFETY TELECOMMUNICATOR

Students completing the Public Safety Telecommunicator certificate
[/academics/programs/fire/telecommunicator-certificate.aspx] have the
opportunity to obtain a nationally recognized certification in as little as one
semester.

Students go beyond classroom and lab exercises to learn how to demonstrate the
skills and abilities necessary to be a 9-1-1 Public Safety Communicator. This
includes working under stress, multi-tasking and quickly making life-saving
decisions to serve members of their community.

Students must be at least 18 years old with a high school diploma or equivalent.
Writing Placement Category One and Reading Placement Category One are required. 


COD STORIES

Kyler Butler headshot [/_resources/img/stories/kyle-butler.jpg]

“The biggest help I got from COD was from the personnel that they employ..The
amount of knowledge and personal experience that the staff brings to the
classroom is truly rewarding for me as a student." -Kyle Butler

Kyle's COD Story [/about/stories/students/butler.aspx]


COD STORIES

Maddy Peterson photo [/_resources/img/stories/maddy-peterson.jpg]

“COD brought in knowledge-filled chiefs, captains, lieutenants and other
firefighters to help proctor us. Every officer was more than willing to help
mold and shape us into good firefighters.” -Maddy Peterson

Maddy's COD Story [/about/stories/students/peterson_maddy.aspx]


COD STORIES

Chris Ryba photo [/_resources/img/stories/chris-ryba.jpg]

“COD supplied me with all of the academic support throughout all my schooling,”
he said. “I received credits through TCD, through my degree from COD, and
through Paramedic school where I got my license. COD has basically guided me
along the whole way.” -Chris Ryba

Chris' COD Story [/about/stories/students/ryba.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in fire science is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Emergency Medical Services, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/emergency-medical-services-aas/]
 * Emergency Medical Technician, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/emergency-medical-technician-certificate/]
 * Fire Fighter, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/fire-fighter-certificate/]
 * Fire Science Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/fire-science-technology-aas/]
 * Paramedic, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/fire-science/paramedic-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes


EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES

Fire Science Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate knowledge of the body’s anatomy & physiology (Scientific
   Reasoning General Education Outcome)
 * Assess patients for illness and/or injury. (Critical Thinking General
   Education Outcome)
 * Formulate communication methods with patients and other professionals.
   (Expression and Exchange of Ideas General Education Outcome)
 * Prepare oral and written patient care reports. (Expression and Exchange of
   Ideas General Education Outcome)
 * Interpret selected medical abbreviations, acronyms, and symbols. (Information
   Literacy General Education Outcome)
 * Explain how to properly administer medication. (Critical Thinking General
   Education Outcome)
 * Use knowledge of cardiology to treat medical emergencies. (Critical Thinking
   General Education Outcome)


FIRE SCIENCE

Fire Science Program graduates will:

 * Analyze the components of a fire and its major phases (Scientific Reasoning
   General Education Outcome)
 * Identify primary responsibilities of fire personnel (Information Literacy
   General Education Outcome)
 * Justify the need for national standards (Expression and Exchange of Ideas
   General Education Outcome)
 * Describe the principles of fire pump operations. (Scientific Reasoning
   General Education Outcome)
 * Differentiate between fire suppression agents and strategies (Critical
   Thinking General Education Outcome)
 * Identify indicators of potential structure failure (Critical Thinking General
   Education Outcome)
 * Explain the importance of safety on the design of apparatus and equipment.
   (Scientific Reasoning General Education Outcome)




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several fire science transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/fire-science.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


STATE CERTIFICATION PROGRAMS

College of DuPage offers state certification programs including the fire academy
and fire officer classes.

Fire AcademyFire Officer Classes
Fire Academy

College of DuPage Fire Science Division offers an Office of the State Fire
Marshall approved Basic Operations Fire Academy. The Basic Operations Fire
Academy is divided up into (3) modules and is completed over the 16 week
semester during the Fall and Spring semesters only.

Eighteen hours of program electives are earned during the academy with the
opportunity to earn more towards the AAS in Fire Science. All attendees of the
Basic Operations Fire Academy must be a member of a Fire Department and require
a permit prior to registration.

For more information about the Basic Operations Fire Academy or the Associate in
Applied Science in Fire Science, contact the Fire Science Program Manager at
(630) 942-2107. [gardnerv@cod.edu]



Fire Graduates
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/fire/images/fire-academy-22.jpg]

Fall 2022 Graduating Class, front row left to right: Victor Briseno, Rocco
Morelli, John Neimann, Jake Steinmeier second row: Fire Academy Director Jason
Day, Anna Happ, Antonio Macchia, Lead Instructor Mike DeLillo.



Fire Officer Classes

College of DuPage offers the new Company Officer and Advanced Fire Officer
programs. To search for classes, go to to the online Class Schedule
[http://myaccess.cod.edu/], click on "Search for Credit Classes," then select
your term and "Fire Science" from the Subject drop-down menu, and
"Undergraduate" in the Academic Level drop down menu.

All Company Officer and Advanced Fire Officer courses are OSFM recognized and
approved for certification upon successful completion of the program
requirements.  College credit is also earned towards the Associate in Applied
Science in Fire Science.

All Company Officer and Advanced Fire Officer courses are restricted to active
fire service personnel only and require a permit to register from the fire
science program manager.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
shield icon of public service images
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/public-services.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_11

Public Services



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Fire Science Program [/academics/programs/fire/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/fire/current-students.aspx]



Fire Science Health RequirementsLearn More to Apply
[/academics/programs/fire/health-requirements.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/fire/index.pcf]