https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

surgical students in lab [/_resources/img/hero/central_processing_hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Central Sterile Processing
Distribution Technician Certificate Program


CENTRAL STERILE PROCESSING DISTRIBUTION TECHNICIAN PROGRAM

The Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician (CSPD) program prepares
competent professionals in the cognitive (knowledge), psychomotor (skills) and
affective (behavior) learning domains. The curriculum incorporates Healthcare
Sterile Processing Association (HSPA) professional standards, guidelines and
competencies. The program is a 12-credit program that consists of CSPD 1111,
CSPD 1211, SURGT 1000 and HLTHS 1110. The program's four courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/central-sterile-processing-distribution/central-sterile-processing-distribution-technician-certificate/]
that can be completed in as little as one semester.

All of these courses combined enable students to earn a certificate in Central
Sterile Processing Distribution that can help move you closer to the goal of
working in healthcare.

The Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician Policy and Procedures
Handbook
[/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/pdf/cspd_handbook.pdf]
outlines the professional and ethical standards you will need to follow while
enrolled in the program.


REGISTRATION INFORMATION

Registration is on a first-come, first-serve basis. You must follow the specific
registration requirements before being granted permission to register for the
Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician program and follow the
registration checklist located in the Spring 2024 Registration Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/cpd.pdf].

Students are encouraged to view the advising session video
[/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/advising-session.aspx]
within a 12-month period prior to the registration deadline and review a sample
job description
[/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/sample-job-description.aspx].



First Step to Register - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technicians are responsible for
performing and participating in the decontamination, cleaning, assembling,
packaging, scanning, sterilization, storage and distribution of reusable
surgical instrumentation and equipment. 

Why CODCertificate
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities and equipment in the Health and
   Science Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx] (HSC).

Certificate


CENTRAL STERILE PROCESSING DISTRIBUTION TECHNICIAN

The Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/central-sterile-processing-distribution/central-sterile-processing-distribution-technician-certificate/]
prepares entry-level professionals in the cognitive (knowledge), psychomotor
(skills) and affective (behavior) learning domains.

Curriculum incorporates Healthcare Sterile Processing Association (HSPA)
professional standards, guidelines, and competencies necessary for employment in
a sterile processing department.


COD STORIES

Anna Campbell [/about/stories/faculty/images/anna_campbell.jpg]

"The ability to watch students persevere through the challenges that come with
balancing life and education is an honor that inspires me daily. I feel blessed
to be a small part of a student’s journey toward a better future.” - Anna
Campbell

Anna's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/anna_campbell.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Central Sterile Processing Distribution
Technician Program is to read the Spring 2024 Registration Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/cpd.pdf]. The packet contains a
registration checklist that you will need to follow in order to register.



Program Costs
[/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/central-sterile-processing-distribution/central-sterile-processing-distribution-technician-certificate/]
    

Program Learning Outcomes

Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician Program graduates will:

 * Describe the purpose of a central service department and the roles of
   individuals who work in central service
 * Locate the different areas of a central service department
 * Apply correct surgical terminology related to surgery and central services
 * Identify microbiology issues related to central services
 * Describe how microorganisms are transmitted and controlled in central
   services
 * Compare and contrast standards and regulations related to central service
   departments
 * Define the appropriate use of disinfectants and sterilants
 * Demonstrate functions necessary in central services
 * Define infection prevention and control
 * Determine proper use of sterile packaging and storage of sterile packages
 * Differentiate between proper high-temperature and low-temperature
   sterilization procedures and concerns
 * Demonstrate proper management of patient equipment
 * Identify tracking systems and methods of quality assurance
 * Demonstrate safe practices while in the central service department
 * Demonstrate proper cleaning and decontamination of instruments

Source: 2018 CSPD Annual Update submission

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician Program
[/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/current-students.aspx]



Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician Registration PacketDownload
Packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/cpd.pdf]

 


SURGICAL TECHNOLOGY LABS

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video - operating room
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/surgical-tech-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/Eb-9vBUoDP0?rel=0

Join Surgical Tech Program Chair Anna Campbell to find out what you could learn
inside these state-of-the-art laboratories.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/index.pcf]