https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Dr. Brian Caputo [/_resources/img/hero/indoor-dr-brian-caputo-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Office of the
President


OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Daily Herald Columns [/about/office_of_the_president/articles.aspx]
 * Cabinet [/about/office_of_the_president/cabinet.aspx]
 * Engage Magazine [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/index.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 1, Number 1
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no1.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 1, Number 2
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 1, Number 3
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no3.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 2, Number 1
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no1.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 2, Number 2
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no2.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 3, Number 1
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 4, Number 1
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no1.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 4, Number 2
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 5, Number 1
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx]
   * Engage Volume 5, Number 2
     [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx]


DR. BRIAN W. CAPUTO, PRESIDENT OF COLLEGE OF DUPAGE

Brian W. Caputo became the President of College of DuPage in July of 2019. He
brings to the presidency more than 40 years of strategic management and
leadership experience drawn from a broad range of senior-level positions in
higher education, local government, and the military. Prior to his appointment
to the position of President, Dr. Caputo served as the College’s Vice President
for Administrative Affairs and Chief Financial Officer.

Upon assuming the College presidency, Dr. Caputo embarked upon an aggressive
planning process to chart the course of the institution through 2026. The
process culminated with the establishment of a new Strategic Long-Range Plan.
The plan established student success; arts, culture, and community engagement;
economic development; and organizational culture as the College’s strategic
pillars. 

Dr. Caputo has sought to advance student success at the College through focused
implementation of its Guided Pathways Initiative. Guided Pathways is a framework
designed to help students effectively choose, enter, and complete a program of
study that aligns with their goals for employment and further education.

Equity is of the utmost importance to Dr. Caputo. In early 2020, he led the
College in the development of its first equity plan. The plan seeks to close
achievement gaps currently existing for students of color and those who are
under-resourced by 2025. Dr. Caputo serves as the presiding officer of the
College’s Equity and Access Team that is supporting the implementation of the
equity plan.

A strong advocate for regional economic development, Dr. Caputo has been deeply
involved in the College’s Project Hire-Ed. Project Hire-Ed is a workforce
development program that will better align post-secondary education with
workforce skill requirements through partnerships with area employers. Moreover,
Dr. Caputo was a member of the executive team at the College that supported the
creation of Innovation DuPage, a business incubator-accelerator designed to
promote economic growth by leveraging partnerships with public and private
entities. Presently, he serves as a Director of Choose DuPage, the county’s
economic development agency.

Dr. Caputo’s teaching experience includes positions as a full-time faculty
member at Central Michigan University and an adjunct professor at Northern
Illinois University. He has also been a lecturer in numerous academic and
professional capacities. Dr. Caputo has taught classes in accountancy at College
of DuPage as well.

Before coming to College of DuPage, Dr. Caputo served as the Chief Financial
Officer/City Treasurer of the City of Aurora, Illinois for nearly 19 years.

In 2015, Dr. Caputo became a Board Member on the Governmental Accounting
Standards Board (GASB). The GASB is a seven-member board responsible for
establishing and improving accounting and financial reporting standards for
state and local governments in the United States, including public institutions
of higher education.

Dr. Caputo is a peer accreditation reviewer with the Higher Learning Commission.
Previously, he served as a member of the Commission on Structured Pathways of
the American Association of Community Colleges. Dr. Caputo represents College of
DuPage on the Illinois Council of Community College Presidents and chairs the
council’s Credential Committee.

A fervent supporter of youth development, Dr. Caputo has worked as a volunteer
with the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) for decades. He earned the rank of Eagle
Scout in 1977. Currently, Dr. Caputo serves as the President of the Three Fires
Council of the BSA (providing the Scouting program to youth in DuPage, Kane,
DeKalb, Kendall, and parts of Cook and Will Counties). In 2021, the National
Eagle Scout Association recognized Dr. Caputo with its Outstanding Eagle Scout
Award for distinguished service to the community.

In 2020, Crain’s Chicago Business recognized Dr. Caputo as a Notable Veteran
Executive. The Greater Chicago Chapter of the American Society for Public
Administration recognized Dr. Caputo with its Model Administrator Award in 2018.
Additionally, The Daily Herald Business Ledger named him the 2014 Government CFO
of the Year.

Dr. Caputo holds a B.S. from the United States Military Academy at West Point,
an M.S. in Accountancy from DePaul University, and an M.P.A. from Northern
Illinois University (NIU). He earned a Ph.D. degree from NIU with fields of
study in public administration, public policy, and government finance. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Public Finance Officer.

In 2004, Dr. Caputo retired from the United States Army Reserve as a Lieutenant
Colonel. During his more than 22 years of active and reserve military service,
he specialized in human resources and financial management. Dr. Caputo’s
military career included numerous command assignments.

Dr. Caputo and his wife, Karen, have lived in Community College District 502
since 1998. All three of their children (Brian Jr., Gregory, and Katherine)
attended College of DuPage.





CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of the President
College of DuPage
425 Fawell Boulevard
Glen Ellyn IL 60137
Email: officeofthepresident@cod.edu [officeofthepresident@cod.edu?subject=]



COD offers academic excellence and affordabilityLearn More
[https://www.dailyherald.com/submitted/20230721/college-of-dupage-offers-academic-excellence-and-affordability]


DAILY HERALD ARTICLE

Continued growth: Community colleges' enrollments rise again

 * Read Dr. Caputo Interview
   [https://www.dailyherald.com/news/20230923/continued-growth-community-colleges-enrollments-rise-again-like-eccs-at-78]


CRAIN’S CHICAGO BUSINESS NOTABLE VETERAN EXECUTIVES

Dr. Brian Caputo was named one of Crain’s Chicago Business Notable Veteran
Executives.

 * Read Full Issue
   [/about/office_of_the_president/pdf/notable-veterans-dr-caputo.pdf]


PRESIDENTIAL INITIATIVES

 * Innovation DuPage [http://www.innovationdupage.org]
 * Project Hire-Ed Apprenticeship Program [/project-hire-ed/index.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/office_of_the_president/index.pcf]