https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/info.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


SPAIN TRAVEL INFORMATION

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Field and
Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/]Summer Language
Study Abroad
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/]Spain
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/]Spain
Travel Information
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Spain Travel Information
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/info.aspx]
 * Financial Aid & Scholarships
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
 * Application Forms
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
 * Spain Slide Presentation
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/pdf/presentation_spain.pdf]

The program is open to anyone with a strong interest in immersing themselves in
another culture. Qualified high schools seniors 18 and over may be accepted into
the program. College students must present evidence of a 2.75 GPA. Community
members are welcome.


ORIENTATION

A mandatory pre-departure orientation will be held at College of DuPage. This
typically occurs over two days in May.


LANGUAGE CLASSES

All students are required to enroll in a Spanish Language class, held at Enforex
Language Institute in Spain. Spanish classes accommodate students at
Intermediate I and II and Advanced I and II levels.

Prior to the beginning of classes, all students will be tested and placed at the
appropriate level. Changes can be made if a student progresses at a faster rate
or shows different learning needs.


CIVILIZATION AND CULTURE OF SPAIN

All students are required to enroll in this class. The course of study covers
the geography, history, political and social institutions and the art and
architecture of Spain This class first meets at the mandatory orientation
session.

In Spain, the course will continue with guided cultural excursions to theaters,
museums and other places of interest that are integral components of this class,
and therefore, attendance is required. A short written report on each visit is
also required.


PROGRAM DIRECTORS/FACULTY

All language classes will be taught by instructors at Enforex Language
Institute. The Civilization and Culture of Spain class will be team-taught in
Spanish and English by COD Program Directors/Faculty, who are available daily,
in Spain, to counsel, supervise and assist students.


DIRECTOR

Bonnie Loder is an Assistant Professor of Spanish at College of DuPage. She
previously taught at Penn State University, where she completed her M.A. and
Ph.D. in Spanish American Literature. She has studied abroad in Madrid, Spain
and later worked for one year in Guadalajara, Mexico. Her love of languages
brought her back to Mexico in the summer of 2009 when she studied the language
and culture of Náhuatl at El Colegio de Jalisco. Bonnie also has experience
working with students abroad in Spanish-speaking countries. In May of 2015 she
was Assistant Director of an educational trip to Havana, Cuba, and she later
served on a five-week program in Puebla, Mexico. More recently, she served as
Co-Director of College of DuPage's Costa Rica summer study abroad program in
2017 and Spain program in 2018, and Director of Costa Rica in 2019 . In addition
to her academic interests, Bonnie enjoys traveling, reading, and learning about
different cultures.


CO-DIRECTOR

Danielle Berry Herrera, Adjunct Instructor of Spanish, began teaching at College
of DuPage in 2016. She has a B.A. in Spanish Literature from the University of
Notre Dame and an M.A. in Spanish Literature from Middlebury College where she
studied abroad in Guadalajara, México and Buenos Aires, Argentina. Danielle
lived in Spain from 1995-1996 with a host family through an international
exchange program. Additionally, she has traveled with student groups to several
countries including, Austria, Costa Rica, Czech Republic, Germany, Greece,
Slovakia and Spain. She taught Spanish at Benet Academy in Lisle, Illinois, from
2002 until 2015, when she left full-time teaching to stay home with her daughter
and start a small business. In addition to teaching, Danielle enjoys spending
time with her family, traveling, running, reading and writing.


CREDITS

Upon successful completion of classes, students will receive credit for one
semester of Intermediate or Advanced Spanish (3-4 semester credit hours)
depending on placement, and Civilization and Culture of Spain
(3 semester credit hours.)


HOUSING AND MEALS

Students will be housed in a "residencia" (dorm), with breakfast, lunch and
supper provided.


ACTIVITIES, FIELD TRIPS AND EXCURSIONS

Activities specified in the program schedule are included in the price of the
program.


OPTIONAL EXCURSIONS

Information will be provided on a variety of optional excursions that are not
included in the price of the program.


PROGRAM COST

The program cost includes: round trip airfare from Chicago to Spain, ground
transportation in Spain, admissions and excursions as listed; course materials,
room and board.

Not included in the program cost: tuition for 6 to 7 credit hours, passport
fees, visa fees (if not US citizen), optional excursions, personal expenses,
some meals, telephone calls and checked baggage fees.

Program fees may be subject to change due to increased transportation costs or
currency fluctuations that are beyond the control of the College.


LATE APPLICANTS

We welcome students beyond the application deadline, space permitting.
Additional charges may apply.


PASSPORT

Each participant must have a valid passport that does not expire for at least 6
months after the anticipated return date to the U.S. Participants are
responsible for obtaining their own passports. As passports can take substantial
time to obtain, apply for it as soon as possible. Information can be obtained at
travel.state.gov/passport [http://travel.state.gov/passport/]


VISA

U.S. citizens do not need a visa to travel to Spain. Non- U.S. citizens may need
a Visa.


INSURANCE

All participants are required to have medical insurance, which is valid outside
the United States and to show proof of such insurance.

Trip cancellation insurance can also be purchased to provide protection against
cancellations and lost or damaged baggage.


LIABILITY RELEASE AND ASSUMPTION OF RISK FORM

Participants in all Field and Experiential Learning/Study Abroad programs must
complete the Liability Release and Assumption of Risk form
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/pdf/libility-release-form.pdf].


CANCELLATION/REFUND POLICY

In the event that the participant withdraws from the program, the right to a
refund is limited.

All cancellations and refund requests must be made in writing and sent to:

College of DuPage
Field Studies/Study Abroad
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
425 Fawell Blvd
Glen Ellyn, IL 60137


CONTACT INFORMATION

Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
General inquiries: (630) 942-2356
Email: fssa@cod.edu [fssa@cod.edu]
Additional Contact Information
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/contact.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/spain/info.pcf]