https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students and mascot at football game
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-chappy-homecoming-football-game-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life


STUDENT LIFE

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
 * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * Club and Organization Listing [https://cod.presence.io/organizations]
   * Club Resources [/student_life/clubs_org/resources.aspx]
   * Forensics Team [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/index.aspx]
     * Forensics Team Events [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/events.aspx]
     * Forensics Team Membership/FAQs
       [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/membership-faq.aspx]
   * Autismerica [/student_life/clubs_org/austismerica.aspx]
 * Commencement Ceremony [/records/graduation/commencement.aspx]
 * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
   * Behavioral Intervention Team
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/index.aspx]
     * In Case of Emergency
       [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/emergency.aspx]
     * Guide for Dealing with Classroom Disruptions
       [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/classroom-disruption-policy.aspx]
     * Responding to Students with Possible Behaviors of Concern
       [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/response.aspx]
   * Code of Academic Conduct
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/academic-integrity.aspx]
   * Code of Student Conduct
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-conduct.aspx]
   * Religious Observances [/student_life/dean-of-students/religious.aspx]
   * Student Complaint Process
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-complaint-process.aspx]
   * Student Rights and Responsibilities
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-rights.aspx]
   * Title IX – Preventing and Responding to Sexual Violence
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/title-ix.aspx]
 * Leadership Programs [/student_life/leadership/index.aspx]
   * The Edge Program [/student_life/leadership/edge/index.aspx]
   * Living Leadership Program
     [/student_life/leadership/living_leadership/index.aspx]
   * Orientation Leader Program
     [/student_life/leadership/orientation_leader/index.aspx]
 * Performing Arts [https://www.atthemac.org]
 * Student Publications [/student_life/publications/index.aspx]
   * Prairie Light Review
     [/student_life/publications/prairie_light_review/index.aspx]
 * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
     * Contact Access and Accommodations
       [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/contact.aspx]
     * Frequently Asked Questions
       [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/faq.aspx]
     * Request Accommodations
       [https://cod-accommodate.symplicity.com/public_accommodation/]
     * Student Complaint Process
       [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-complaint-process.aspx]
   * Career Services [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
     * Community and Alumni
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/community-alumni.aspx]
     * Electronic Resources
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/index.aspx]
       * Big Interview
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/big-interview.aspx]
       * Blackboard Organization
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/blackboard-organization.aspx]
       * Career Coach
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/career-coach.aspx]
       * Career Ready Podcast
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/career-ready-podcast.aspx]
       * Chaps Get Hired
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx]
       * VMock SMART Resume Platform
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/v-mock.aspx]
     * Employers [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/index.aspx]
       * Employer Recruitment Policies
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/employer-recruitment-policies.aspx]
       * Internship Guide for Employers
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/internship-guide.aspx]
     * Faculty and Staff
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/faculty-staff.aspx]
     * Meet the Career Services Team
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/career-services-team.aspx]
     * Share Your Experience
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/share-your-experience.aspx]
     * Students [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/index.aspx]
       * Workshop/Webinar Schedule
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/workshop-schedule.aspx]
       * Job Search Resources
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/job-search-resources.aspx]
       * Service Learning
         [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
     [/student_life/resources/csdi/index.aspx]
     * Affiliations [/student_life/resources/csdi/affiliations.aspx]
     * Black History Month
       [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/index.aspx]
       * Faculty Resources
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/black-history-month/bhm_faculty_resources.aspx]
     * Current Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/current_students.aspx]
     * Glossary of Terms [/student_life/resources/csdi/terms.aspx]
     * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
       [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
     * Latino Outreach [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index.aspx]
       * Centro Latino de College of DuPage
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
       * Hispanic Resources
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/resources.aspx]
       * Inclusive Excellence Peer Mentoring Program
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/mentoring.aspx]
       * Informacion Para Los Padres
         [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/parent_info_spanish.aspx]
     * New Students [/student_life/resources/csdi/new_students.aspx]
     * Positive Voices [/student_life/resources/csdi/video.aspx]
     * Undocumented Student Resources
       [/student_life/resources/csdi/undocumented-student-resources.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
     * Academic Advising
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/index.aspx]
       * Advising Tools and Resources
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/advising-tools.aspx]
       * Advising Terms
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/advising-terms.aspx]
       * Student Planning Worksheets
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/student-planning.aspx]
       * Student Planning Worksheets Archive
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/student-planning-archive.aspx]
     * Career Exploration and Counseling
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/career-counseling/index.aspx]
       * Career Resources
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/career-counseling/career-resources.aspx]
     * Contact Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/contact.aspx]
     * Events and Workshops
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/events/index.aspx]
       * First-Generation Student Group Series
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/events/first-generation-group.aspx]
     * Personal Counseling
       [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/index.aspx]
       * Personal Counseling Appointment
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/personal-counseling-appointment.aspx]
       * Resources
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/resources/index.aspx]
       * Self Help
         [/student_life/resources/counseling/personal-counseling/self-help/index.aspx]
   * Dining at COD [/student_life/resources/dining/index.aspx]
   * Information and Technology Services
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/index.aspx]
     * Information Technology Services and Computer Lab Hours
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/hours.aspx]
     * Information Technology Services Security
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/index.aspx]
       * Intelligent Message Filtering
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
       * Phishing
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]
       * Safeguarding Standards
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]
     * Multifactor Authentication for Office 365
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/office-365.aspx]
     * Student Blackboard Resources
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/student-blackboard-resources.aspx]
     * Student Email Tips
       [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
       * Benefits of Microsoft Office 365
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/benefits.aspx]
       * Student Email Policy
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email-policy.aspx]
       * Guide to Student Email
         [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email_guide.aspx]
 * Contact Student Life [/student_life/contact.aspx]
 * #ChapStories Application [/student_life/chap-stories.aspx]

The Office of Student Life provides a supportive, values-based environment that
helps students get the most out of their College of DuPage experience as well as
prepares them to be active leaders in a complex and ever-changing society.

Student Life coordinates New Student Orientation, the Living Leadership Program,
the Edge Program, the Food Security Initiative including the Fuel Pantry and
Fuel Garden, campus events for students and for over 100 clubs and
organizations.


STUDENT SERVICES

Carpooling and Pace Bus Transportation

College of DuPage has teamed up with Pace to help students connect with other
students who are interested in carpooling to campus. Interested students should
register with PaceRideShare [https://www.PaceRideShare.com] and choose College
of DuPage as their "employer."

Pace [https://www.pacebus.com/] provides bus transportation to and from campus
on weekdays. The Office of Student Life no longer sell Pace Bus cards. Please go
to the Ventra Chicago website to find out how and where you can purchase your
bus card.

Discounts for COD Students

Discount tickets [/student_life/pdf/studentdiscounts.pdf] for area movie
theaters and Six Flags Great America are offered for sale to the college
community. In addition, tickets for student club and organization events are
available periodically through the Office of Student Life.

Distributing Printed Materials

To promote the free exchange of ideas, College of DuPage permits students,
employees, and community members to distribute printed materials and to solicit
signatures on campus subject to the restrictions of time, place, and manner
contained in the guidelines. View the Distribution of Printed Materials
Guidelines and Application. [/student_life/pdf/print_guidelines.pdf]

Housing Options

College of DuPage provides access to housing information
[/student_life/resources/housing/index.aspx] as a courtesy to our students. The
College claims no responsibility for the content, reliability and activities of
this linked, third-party website.

Locker Rentals
College of DuPage offers lockers [/student_life/resources/locker-rental.aspx]
available for students to rent for the day or entire semester. The lockers must
only be used for school materials. The lockers are available to rent in the
first floor of the BIC.
Student Health Insurance
Students have access to voluntary insurance plans including health, dental,
vision and telemedicine. Get more information on insurance plans for students.
[/student_life/resources/student-insurance.aspx]
Student Lounges

Many Student Lounges are located through the campus buildings. They give
students a variety of places to gather, study and socialize.

The Student Life Lounge in SSC 1200 is the home of the Chaparrals Activities
Board, the student group that brings entertainment to campus. The Student Life
Lounge is open Mondays to Thursdays from 8:30 a.m. to 5:45 p.m., and Fridays
from 8:30 a.m. to 4:45 p.m., on days when classes are in session.

*summer hours Monday through Thursday 8:30 a.m. to 4:45 p.m.

Student Photo IDs

Student ID cards are available in the Office of Student Life, Student Service
Center (SSC), Room 1217.

Student ID cards are valid for three years and free for first-time ID or expired
ID holders.

The requirements for obtaining a student ID are as follows:

 * Be currently enrolled in at least one credit hour at College of DuPage. In
   order to get a new ID in the last two weeks of a term, students must be
   enrolled in the following semester.
 * Present a valid photo ID (i.e. Driver's License, State ID, Passport, High
   School ID, etc). Pictures of ID will not be accepted.
 * There is a $5 charge for non-expired replacement IDs.

The college's photo IDs are both convenient and versatile. The same card can be
used at the Library, as a P.E. pass and as "student identification" for various
discounts. For more information, call Student Life at (630) 942-2243.

Voter Registration


CHAPS GET REGISTERED AND CHAPS VOTE

Get registered. Get informed. VOTE! [https://cod.turbovote.org/?r=SLweb]


FIND US ON FACEBOOK




CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Life [hernan4@cod.edu]
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 1217
(630) 942-2243


AREAS OF INTEREST

 
 * New Student Orientation [/admission/new_student_orientation/index.aspx]
 * Outdoor Adventures/Study Abroad
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/index.aspx]

Connect with ChapLife!Learn More [https://cod.presence.io/]



  Visit Student Life on X [https://X.com/CODStudentLife]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/index.pcf]