https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/travel-tourism.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

woman giving travel tickets to male and female customer
[/_resources/img/hero/stock-female-travel-agent-tourism.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Hospitality Management and
Tourism Programs
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/]


TRAVEL AND TOURISM PROGRAM

The Travel and Tourism program is for individuals who want to enter the travel
industry or for professionals who want to update their skills. Earn an Associate
in Applied Science in Travel and Tourism
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/travel-tourism-aas/]
or complete a variety of hospitality courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hosp/] to earn a travel and tourism
certificate.

COD faculty share their knowledge and expertise from the industry. Faculty are
involved in numerous organizations and associations outside of COD to offer
networking opportunities for students.

Career opportunities are available in an exciting variety of areas including
airlines, cruise ships, travel agencies, tour operators, destination management
companies, tourism bureaus and convention industries. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Students with a creative flair can discover a career as a travel writer,
brochure designer or photographer.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in hospitality or tourism, planning to
transfer or updating your skills, College of DuPage has the right program for
you. We offer: 

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry and teaching
   experience.
 * Flexible schedules with day and evening classes.
 * Affordable classes.
 * Articulated transfer program with several prestigious institutions.
 * Programs designed to prepare students with the skills that are in demand by
   today’s employers.
 * Study Abroad opportunities to locations such as Budapest and Prague.
 * Member of the American Society of Travel Agents.

Degrees


TRAVEL AND TOURISM, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Travel and Tourism Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/travel-tourism-aas/]teaches
students the principles of the travel and tourism industry. The Travel and
Tourism degree requires a minimum of 65 credits.

Certificates


TRAVEL AND TOURISM PROFESSIONAL

The Travel and Tourism Professional certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/travel--tourism-professional-certificate/]requires
36 credits. Students take classes in world destinations, travel geography,
global distribution systems, cruise industry sales and more.


TRAVEL AND TOURISM FOUNDATIONS

The Travel and Tourism Foundations certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/travel-tourism-foundations-certificate/]prepares
student for entry into the travel and tourism industry. The certificate requires
12 credits. Students take classes in travel and tourism and world destinations.


COD STORIES

Amy Kolesar [/about/stories/students/images/amy_kolesar.jpg]

"COD made it possible for me to attend classes that ultimately led to my current
career. Anyone considering a career in the travel industry should seriously
consider attending COD.” - Amy Kolesar

Amy's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kolesar.aspx]


COD STORIES

Elizabeth Boone [/about/stories/students/images/elizabeth_boone.jpg]

"My advice for students is to not quit and to listen to follow your own journey
on your path to your personal greatness.” - Elizabeth Boone

Elizabeth's COD Story [/about/stories/students/boone_elizabeth.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in travel and tourism is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options


ACADEMIC AND CAREER PATHWAYS

Determine the pathway you need to take to graduate on time.

 * Travel and Tourism, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/travel-tourism-aas/]
 * Travel and Tourism Professional Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/travel--tourism-professional-certificate/]
 * Travel and Tourism Foundations Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/hospitality-management/travel-tourism-foundations-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Hospitality and Tourism Program graduates will

 * Engage in critical analysis and creative thinking
 * Apply the basic principles of analytical thinking and problem solving when
   examining hospitality management issues
 * Analyze trends and organizational data and develop business strategies for
   the hospitality industry
 * Collect and evaluate information to make sound decisions
 * Demonstrate the ability to integrate concepts and theories across functional
   business domains (e.g. Finance, Marketing, Human Resources, Operations, etc.)
 * Demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and attitudes to function effectively in a
   diverse and global organizational environment
 * Demonstrate proficiency in the application of selected technology
 * Synthesize core concepts in the areas of hospitality accounting, finance,
   human resources, marketing, operations, and quantitative methods
 * Demonstrate personal and professional standards for ethical decision-making
   and social behavior
 * Evaluate personal and professional goals and development based on perceived
   strengths and potential for life-long learning
 * Demonstrate the ability to read, listen, and clearly express themselves using
   written, oral, visual, and quantitative methods to communicate effectively
   with superiors, coworkers, customers, and members of the community
 * Demonstrate leadership, teamwork, and interpersonal skills needed for
   managing diverse and global hospitality operations




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several travel and tourism
[/academics/transfer/programs/hospitality-management-tourism.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Travel and Tourism Program
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/travel-tourism.pcf]