https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/teacher-prep/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Teacher in classroom [/_resources/img/hero/educationteacherprep-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Teacher Preparation Program


TEACHER PREPARATION PROGRAM

The Teacher Preparation program at College of DuPage meets the needs of students
planning to teach in elementary, secondary or special education settings. Many
students enroll in the program to become educators or to take education courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/educa/] for careers in youth counseling,
criminal justice and parent teacher association leadership or to better
understand your own children's schooling experience.

Students who successfully complete an Associate in Arts or an Associate in
Science degree at College of DuPage can transfer to a state-approved teacher
education program in which they complete the education requirements for Illinois
teacher certification. A criminal background check is required for classroom
observation and student teaching. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Whether you want to be an elementary, middle or high school teacher to help
inspire other future generations, College of DuPage has the right program for
you. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/teacher-prep/contact.aspx] with
   years of experience working in education.
 * Interactive courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/educa/] available
   in-person and online.
 * Collaborative organizations on campus to connect, learn and grow with other
   future educators [/academics/programs/teacher-prep/current-students.aspx].
 * Affordable programs to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining a savings account.

Watch a video to learn more about Teacher Preparation.
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631478&node=9540521&a=1027611063&autoplay=1]

Degrees


EDUCATION TRANSFER PATHWAY, ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

Take the required general education courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/education-transfer-pathway-aa/#text]
you need to transfer to a baccalaureate institution and major in education. 

Certificates


PARAPROFESSIONAL IN EDUCATION

The Paraprofessional in Education
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/paraprofessional-education-certificate/]
certificate is designed to prepare individuals to take on the role of a
paraprofessional, also known as a teacher's assistant, in a K-12 classroom.

Students will take a variety of classes to introduce them to aspects of teaching
and learning that will help them to be successful as a paraprofessional.
Additional requirements must be met for Illinois licensure. This certificate
requires 27 credits in program requirements and electives.


TEACHING ONLINE UTILIZING TECHNOLOGY, CERTIFICATE

The Teaching Online Utilizing Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/](TOUT) certificate, offered
only online, provides hands-on experience in designing and implementing online
course materials within a learning management system.


COD STORIES

Makkara Phann [/about/stories/students/images/makkara-phann.jpg]

"When I was still struggling with the language barrier and asked the faculty for
help, they always tried to accommodate me. The teachers have passion, and their
passion create passion in others. This is why I want to become a teacher." -
Makkara Phann

Makkara's COD Story [/about/stories/students/phann.aspx]


COD STORIES

Eric Tecuanhuehue [/about/stories/students/images/eric-tecuanhuehue.jpg]

"COD helped me grow and mature a lot. It was nice that I was able to go at my
own pace and pretty much make my own schedule." - Eric Tecuanhuehue

Eric's COD Story [/about/stories/students/tecuanhuehue.aspx]


COD STORIES

Alyssa Kalb [/about/stories/students/images/alyssa_kalb.jpg]

"College of DuPage offered me a chance to learn in a smaller teacher-to-student
ratio classroom and to learn under some brilliant professors." - Alyssa Kalb

Alyssa's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kalb.aspx]


COD STORIES

Miles Knight [/about/stories/students/images/miles_knight.jpg]

"COD helped me achieve my academic goals by teaching me the strong work ethic
that comes along with college.” - Miles Knight

Miles' COD Story [/about/stories/students/knight_miles.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rachel Matug [/about/stories/students/images/rachel_matug.jpg]

"I had amazing and passionate professors and advisors who helped me realize what
I really enjoy doing.” - Rachel Matug

Rachel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/matug.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Teacher Preparation is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Education Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/education-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Paraprofessional in Education, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/paraprofessional-education-certificate/]
 * Teaching Online Utilizing Technology, Certificate 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/education/teaching-online-utilizing-technology-tout-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete Education courses will:

 * Develop reflective practices
 * Define professional responsibilities of pre-service and in-service teachers
 * Describe public education since inception
 * Define qualities of a culturally competent teacher
 * Develop communication skills to enhance professional relationships
 * Apply methods of inquiry to analyze traditional and progressive educational
   practices




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several education and teacher preparation transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/education-teacher-preparation.aspx] in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


TEACHING ONLINE UTILIZING TECHNOLOGY CERTIFICATE

Learn how to design and implement online course materials through best practices
in online teaching, course design for online classes, multimedia for online
instruction, teaching with social media and video applications in education. 



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

apple on book icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/education.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_7

Education



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Teacher Preparation Program
[/academics/programs/teacher-prep/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/teacher-prep/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/teacher-prep/index.pcf]