https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/ecec/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Teacher with class of kindergarteners with hands in air
[/_resources/img/hero/early-childhood-class.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Early Childhood Education and
Care Program


EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE PROGRAM

The Early Childhood Education and Care program offers a combination of classroom
instruction and supervised, hands-on experience that will prepare you for direct
entry into the early childhood education and care field. Earn a position as a
child care director, assistant director, preschool teacher, child care teacher,
infant-toddler caregiver, head start teacher, elementary or special education
aide and before or after school teacher.

Specialized courses are available for early childhood professionals, teachers,
caregivers, parents and prospective parents who want to enhance their knowledge
and expertise about early childhood and curriculum development. The program may
also be a valuable course of study for students planning to work with young
children in other disciplines such as education, health, social work and
recreation.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Gain knowledge and skills that enables you to provide education and care for
infants, toddlers, preschool-aged and school-aged children. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Attend a college that will prepare you for direct entry into your field of
choice. At COD, you'll discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/ecec/contact.aspx] with years of
   professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing our state-of-the-art facilities.
 * Courses specifically aligned with the requirements needed for you to receive
   a variety of Gateways Credentials, which are awarded and recognized by the
   Illinois Department of Human Services (IDHS) Bureau of Child Care and
   Development as levels of professional achievement.
 * Affordable classes to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Watch a video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2618048&node=9498464&a=207712551&autoplay=1] to
learn more about the Early Childhood Education and Care program.

Degrees


EARLY CHILDHOOD ADMINISTRATION

The Early Childhood Administration Associate in Applied Science degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-administration-aas/] prepares
students for employment in the management of early childhood and school-age
programs.


EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE

The Early Childhood Education and Care Associate in Applied Science degree
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-education-care-aas/] prepares
students to enter the early childhood education and early childhood field.

Certificates


EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE

Students who complete the Early Childhood Education and Care certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-assistant-teacher-certificate/]
will be equipped with the knowledge, skills and experience necessary to be an
assistant teacher in a variety of early childhood programs. 


EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE ADVANCED

Students pursuing the Early Childhood Education and Care certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-advanced-assistant-teacher-certificate/]
will enhance the knowledge, skills, and experiences acquired in the Early
Childhood Education and Care Assistant Teacher Certificate to more effectively
work with children from birth to age eight.


EARLY CHILDHOOD CENTER ADMINISTRATOR

Completion of the Early Childhood Education and Care Administrator certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-education-care-administrator-certificate/],
with either an AAS Degree in Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) or
completion of 64 semester hours of credit from an accredited college or
university. 


FAMILY CHILD CARE PROVIDER

Students choose the Family Child Care Provider certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/family-child-care-provider-certificate/]
to gain specific knowledge and skills in this early childhood specialty.


INFANT, TODDLER AND 2-YEAR-OLD CHILD CARE

Students choose the Infant, Toddler and Two-Year Old Child Care certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/infant-toddler-two-year-old-child-care-certificate/]
to gain specific knowledge and skills in this early childhood specialty. 


MULTICULTURAL EDUCATION AND CARE FOR THE YOUNG CHILD

Students choose the Multicultural Education and Care for the Young Child
certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/multicultural-education-care-young-child-certificate/]
to gain specific knowledge and skills working with diverse populations of
children.


SCHOOL-AGE CHILD CARE

Students choose the School-Age Child Care certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/school-age-child-care-certificate/]to
gain specific knowledge and skills in this early childhood specialty. 


SCHOLARSHIP OPPORTUNITIES

As a result of the federally funded Early Childhood Access Consortium for Equity
(ECACE) scholarship program, administered by the Illinois Student Assistance
Commission [https://www.isac.org] (ISAC), students who worked in child care or
early childhood education can attend COD at no cost and earn a degree or
credential in early childhood education.

ECACE scholarships are only available for undergraduate students for an academic
year, including summer. After other financial aid is received, ECACE
scholarships can cover up to the full cost of attendance including tuition,
fees, books and supplies. Students interested in the ECACE scholarship program
must complete a FAFSA application to be considered.

For more information on other scholarships, including scholarships offered by
College of DuPage, visit cod.edu/scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx].

 


COD STORIES

Destiny Belzey [/about/stories/students/images/destiny-belzey.jpg]

"My Honors courses allowed me to gain a better connection with my peers and
professors as they were smaller classes than normal." - Destiny Belzey

Destiny's COD Story [/about/stories/students/belzey.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jacqueline Bjes [/about/stories/students/images/jacqueline_bjes.jpg]

"I passionately believe that all children are capable of learning when you focus
on their abilities. COD provided me with a platform to be able to share this
pedagogy with my peers, professors, mentors and the children who I was fortunate
enough to have taught." - Jacqueline Bjes

Jacqueline's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bjes.aspx]


COD STORIES

Elsa Moore [/about/stories/students/images/elsa_moore.jpg]

"The class sizes were large enough to invite collaborative learning but small
enough to be personal and inviting.” - Elsa Moore

Elsa's COD Story [/about/stories/students/moore.aspx]


COD STORIES

Lisa Buchholz [/about/stories/students/images/lisa_buchholz.jpg]

"College of DuPage found me my career and it’s done the same for so many others.
Every single class that I took at COD was quality, and I felt very ready to
enter my final two years of college once I earned my associate degree." - Lisa
Buchholz

Lisa's COD Story [/about/stories/students/buchholz.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in early childhood education and care is to
apply for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Early Childhood Administration, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-administration-aas/#programmaptext]
 * Early Childhood Education and Care, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-education-care-aas/#programmaptext]
 * Early Childhood Advanced Assistant Teacher, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-advanced-assistant-teacher-certificate/]
 * Early Childhood Assistant Teacher, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-assistant-teacher-certificate/]
 * Early Childhood Education and Care Administrator, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/early-childhood-education-care-administrator-certificate/]
 * Family Child Care Provider, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/family-child-care-provider-certificate/#programmaptext]
 * Infant, Toddler and Two-Year Old Child Care, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/infant-toddler-two-year-old-child-care-certificate/#programmaptext]
 * Multicultural Education and Care for the Young Child, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/multicultural-education-care-young-child-certificate/#programmaptext]
 * School-Age Child Care, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/early-childhood-education-care/school-age-child-care-certificate/#programmaptext]

Program Learning Outcomes

Early Childhood Education and Care Associate in Applied Science program
graduates will:

 * Create healthy, respectful, supportive and challenging learning environments
   for children birth through age 8 based on understanding of child development
   and individual characteristics and needs.
 * Explain how to involve families and communities in young children’s learning
   based on an understanding of diverse characteristics and engaging them in
   respectful, reciprocal relationships.
 * Examine the goals, benefits and uses of a variety of formal and informal
   developmentally appropriate assessment tools that could be used in a
   responsible way, in partnership with families and other professionals, to
   positively influence children’s development.
 * Implement a variety of developmentally appropriate approaches, strategies,
   and tools to connect with children and families and positively influence
   children’s development and learning.
 * Develop meaningful and challenging developmentally appropriate experiences in
   all content areas that promotes comprehensive developmental and learning
   outcomes for each child.
 * Demonstrate the multiple roles of an early childhood professional including,
   but not limited to:  advocacy, adhering to professional code of conduct,
   professional dispositions, and reflective practice.
 * Apply knowledge, skills and professional dispositions when observing and/or
   participating with young children in at least two of the three early
   childhood age groups (birth-3, 3-5, 5-8) and in a variety of childcare
   settings.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several early childhood education and care transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/early-childhood-education-care.aspx] in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Early Childhood
Education and Care program.

What jobs are available with an Early Childhood Education and Care certificate
or degree?

Jobs for Early Childhood Education and Care degree and certificate graduates are
available in a variety of childcare centers, in public school preschools as
assistants, at park districts and other facilities working with children in
various capacities. Educational credentials that you have earned and places of
employment will determine the position.

*If you are seeking employment in a school district for early childhood
education, grades pre K-2, you will want to look into transfer options at COD as
you will need to attend a four-year college to obtain your degree and
Professional Educator License (PEL), You can find more information on state
licensure through the Illinois State Board of Education [https://www.isbe.net/].

Will I be able to get a job with my degree or certificate?

The Early Childhood Education and Care program will prepare you to enter the
early childhood education and care field. Our certificates and degrees equip
students with the necessary skills, knowledge and attitudes to appropriately
work with infants, toddlers, preschool and school-age children. 

The program is an entitled institution through Gateways to Opportunity. Gateways
awards state recognized credentials, which will make you more marketable when
applying for jobs in this field. As an entitled institution, the successful
completion of a certificate or degree in early childhood from COD makes you
eligible to apply for a variety of Gateways Leveled Credentials
[http://www.ilgateways.com/].

Hiring guidelines will vary depending on your place of employment. You will all
need to meet the minimum requirements, for teachers, assistant teachers, and
directors, listed in Subpart D of the DCFS Licensing requirements
[https://dcfs.illinois.gov/content/dam/soi/en/web/dcfs/documents/about-us/policy-rules-and-forms/documents/rules/rules-407.pdf].

To be considered for a job in early childhood education, you must also meet the
following requirements: updated medical form (with proof of all required
immunizations), cleared fingerprint background check, physical exam stating that
your physical and mental health do not interfere with child care
responsibilities and evidence that you meet all of the additional ‘General
Requirements for Personnel’ found in section 407.100 of the DCFS Licensing
Requirements.
[https://dcfs.illinois.gov/content/dam/soi/en/web/dcfs/documents/about-us/policy-rules-and-forms/documents/rules/rules-407.pdf]

Is there anything else I should know about the program?

All of the courses will require you to complete field observations and/or lab
experiences. Field observations are completed outside of classroom time in a
licensed childcare facility. 

Since you will be in community childcare centers and in contact with children,
you will be evaluated in a variety of ways throughout the program to ensure
adherence to program requirements and policies, developmentally appropriate
practice, as well as adherence to DCFS licensing standards and the NAEYC ethical
code of conduct [https://www.naeyc.org/positionstatements].

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

apple on book icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/education.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_7

Education



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Early Childhood Education and Care Program
[/academics/programs/ecec/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/ecec/current-students.aspx]



Introduction Course

to the Early Childhood Education Profession in Spanish

Learn More [/academics/programs/ecec/intro-course.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/ecec/index.pcf]