https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Engage [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engage_web_masthead.jpeg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Office of the
President [https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/]Engage: College of
DuPage, your community college


ENGAGE

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 3
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no3.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 3, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx]

Engage cover: From COD to the Workforce
[/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engagev6.1.png]

Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/qnjk/]


A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT

As the educational landscape evolves in the aftermath of the pandemic, College
of DuPage continues to listen to our communities and respond to changing
workforce development needs.

More and more people are looking for the necessary training to start their
careers quickly, while employers search for candidates who possess demonstrable
skills.

COD is well-positioned to meet these demands. For example, students learn in
state-of-the art labs, giving them hands-on training in a variety of
disciplines. Many programs also require internships, another way of preparing
students with real-world experience as they begin searching for jobs.

In addition, workforce training programs are offered in several formats. Some
are industry-specific that prepare students to sit for certifications. Others
meet employer needs through tailored curriculum for unique populations.

This issue of Engage looks at how we meet workforce development needs, and these
stories highlight only a portion of our efforts. Of course, COD continues to
offer a robust curriculum that prepares students for transfer to continue their
studies, which can lead to even more career options.

The College continues to pursue new opportunities on a regular basis,
demonstrating our commitment to a strong local and regional economy.


POPULAR ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

The Popular Annual Financial Report (PAFR) summarizes the College’s
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report in an easy-to-read format that helps the
community understand our financial condition.

While the Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and
Canada encourages state and local governments—including community college
districts—to issue PAFRs, only a limited number do so. College of DuPage is
proud to share a PAFR, and I invite you to look at the sixth annual edition for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022. Read More
[/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/pafr.aspx]

Dr. Brian W. Caputo is president of College of DuPage.


ENGAGE MAGAZINE VOLUME 6, NUMBER 1



Read Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/qnjk/]




ON THE COVER VIDEO FEATURING PROJECT HIRE-ED




VIDEOS

Brian Clement

Big IDea Pitch Contest 2023

HVACR Lab: Residential Equipment

Business Solutions at College of DuPage



STORIES: MARJORIE BONALLO LUCE

Marjorie Bonallo Luce [/about/stories/students/images/marjorie-bonallo-luce.jpg]

“I originally thought work-based programs were only for jobs in the trades and
limited to a few options, but there were so many approved programs at COD to
choose from. Never would I have thought that I could get a library degree
through a work-based program.” - Marjorie Bonallo Luce

Marjorie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/luce.aspx]


STORIES: BAILEY SVOBODA

Bailey Svoboda [/about/stories/students/images/bailey-svoboda.jpg]

“COD has helped me in more ways than I could have ever imagined when I decided
to go back to school and pursue my dream.” - Bailey Svoboda

Bailey' COD Story [/about/stories/students/svoboda.aspx]


JASON PATRICK

Jason Patrick [/about/stories/students/images/jason_patrick.jpg]

"Project Hire-Ed was exactly what I was looking for. This program provided me
the opportunity to continue my education in an accelerated format toward a
certificate as well as work full time in industrial maintenance, receive
benefits and gain the necessary experience I needed to further my career." -
Jason Patrick

Jason's COD Story [/about/stories/students/patrick.aspx]


BOB CLARK

Bob Clark [/about/stories/faculty/images/bob_clark.jpg]

"The multiple disciplines and limitless potential within the industry drew me
in. It was a technology that you could study the rest of your life and still not
know all of it. " - Bob Clark

Bob's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/clark.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


RELATED TO THIS ISSUE OF ENGAGE

Areas of Study

Learn more about the following academic programs at College of DuPage that are
highlighted in this issue of Engage.

 * Continuing Education Programs
   [/academics/continuing-education/career-professional-training/index.aspx]
 * Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and
   Refrigeration (HVACR) [/academics/programs/hvacr/index.aspx]
 * Horticulture [/academics/programs/horticulture/index.aspx]
 * Project Hire-Ed Apprenticeship Program
   [/project-hire-ed/student-opportunities/index.aspx]
 * Short-Term Certificate Programs
   [/academics/programs/short-term-certificates.aspx]
 * ICAPS [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/icaps.aspx]

Related Areas of Interest

College of DuPage offers opportunities beyond the classroom that enhance
academics and foster both professional and personal growth.

 * Workforce Development Services
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/workforce_development/index.aspx]
 * Innovation DuPage [https://www.innovationdupage.org/]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/office_of_the_president/engage/index.pcf]