https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/veterans/veterans-benefits.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

veterans benefits image [/_resources/img/hero/veterans-benefits-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Veterans Services
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/veterans/]Veterans Benefits


VETERANS BENEFITS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Veterans Benefits [/student_life/resources/veterans/veterans-benefits.aspx]
 * Veterans Employment and Internships
   [/student_life/resources/veterans/employment-opportunities.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff Resources [/student_life/resources/veterans/resources.aspx]
 * Military Transcripts
   [/student_life/resources/veterans/military-transcripts.aspx]
 * Standards of Academic Progress (SAP)
   [/student_life/resources/veterans/veterans-sap-appeal.aspx]
 * Veteran and Military-Connected Student Information Sessions
   [/student_life/resources/veterans/new-student-sessions.aspx]
 * Veterans Scholarships [/student_life/resources/veterans/scholarships.aspx]

A number of benefits are available to veterans and members of the military. All
Veterans Affairs benefit inquiries should be directed to Veteran Affairs at
(888) 442-4551 or by visiting va.gov [https://www.va.gov/].


EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM BENEFITS ACCEPTED

Chapter 30 - Montgomery GI Bill® - Active Duty

The Chapter 30 - Active Duty GI Bill® provides up to 36 months of education
benefits to eligible veterans. Monthly benefits are paid directly to the
veteran.

For additional information on this benefit visit va.gov. 
[https://www.va.gov/education/about-gi-bill-benefits/montgomery-active-duty/]

Chapter 31 - Veterans Vocational Rehabilitation

Veterans Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Services are available to
veterans who have been determined eligible by the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs to have a service connected disability.

Chapter 31 will make payment to the campus for tuition and fees, books and
supplies, and a monthly basic allowance for housing.

For additional information on this benefit, visit vba.gov/bln/vre/.
[http://www.benefits.va.gov/vocrehab/index.asp]

Chapter 33 - Post 9/11 GI Bill®

This benefit is for individuals who served a minimum of 90 days on active duty
after September 10, 2001, and are eligible for educational assistance under the
Post 9/11 GI Bill®.

Chapter 33 will pay applicable tuition and fee charges. A monthly basic
allowance for housing is provided for students enrolled in at least 7 credit
hours in an enrollment period and is based on E-5 with dependent criteria. The
amount of funds released for each category is dependent on the veteran's level
of entitlement for Chapter 33.

Dependents: Dependents of eligible servicemen/women could be eligible for
transferred entitlement of Chapter 33 benefits. The determination of
transferability is made by the Department of Defense (DoD) and requires prior
approval before College of DuPage will submit information to VA Education or
hold registration. 

For additional information on this benefit, visit va.gov.
[https://www.va.gov/education/about-gi-bill-benefits/post-9-11/]

Chapter 35 - Survivor's and Dependent's Educational Assistance Program

Chapter 35 provides 45 months of full-time or equivalent educational benefits
for the spouse or child(ren) of a veteran who dies or is permanently and totally
disabled as a result of service-connected disability, or a spouse or child of a
veteran who has been listed as POW or MIA for a period of 90 days.

The monthly benefit is paid directly to the survivor or dependent. 

For additional information on this benefit, visit va.gov. 
[https://www.va.gov/education/survivor-dependent-benefits/dependents-education-assistance/]

Chapter 1606 - Montgomery GI Bill® - Selected Reserve

Service members of the Selected Reserve can apply for this benefit that provides
a monthly basic allowance for housing and 36 months of entitlement.

Selected Reserve service branches include Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Air Force
Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Coast Guard Reserve, Army National Guard and Air
National Guard. 

For additional information on this benefit, visit va.gov.
[https://www.va.gov/education/about-gi-bill-benefits/montgomery-selected-reserve/]

Illinois Veterans Grant (IVG)

The program is available through the Illinois Student Assistance Commission
(ISAC). The grant pays tuition and the per credit hour student fee. Any
additional fees billed to your student account cannot be billed to IVG. Once
approved by ISAC, the 120-unit eligibility is equivalent to four full-time years
of enrollment at an Illinois public college or university. IVG cannot be used
toward noncredit courses at College of DuPage. 

For additional information on this benefit, visit isac.org.
[https://www.isac.org/students/during-college/applying-for-financial-aid/applications/ivg_applying/]

Illinois National Guard (ING) Grant

The program is available through the Illinois Student Assistance Commission
(ISAC). The grant pays tuition and the per credit hour student fee. Any
additional fees billed to your student account cannot be billed to ING.

Once approved by ISAC, the 120-unit eligibility is equivalent to four full-time
years of enrollment at an Illinois public college or university. ING cannot be
used  toward noncredit courses at College of DuPage.

For additional information on this benefit, visit www.isac.org.
[https://www.isac.org/students/during-college/applying-for-financial-aid/applications/ing_applying/]

Military Tuition Assistance

Tuition assistance (TA) is a Department of Defense program. TA rules will vary
between military branches and depend on whether the unit is active, Reserve or
National Guard. Service members are able to use Federal VA Education benefit in
combination with TA. TA is considered a source of financial aid for active duty
military.

Contact your Educational Services Officer (ESO) or Education officer within your
unit to obtain approval to use TA prior to enrolling at College of DuPage. More
information on using TA for each branch (how to apply for TA, procedures for
using TA, how to obtain approval) can be found by clicking on the link for your
branch:

 * Army
   [https://myarmybenefits.us.army.mil/Benefit-Library/Federal-Benefits/Tuition-Assistance-(TA)]
 * Marines [https://www.marines.com/life-as-a-marine/benefits/education.html]
 * Navy [https://www.navycollege.navy.mil/sailors/tuition-assistance-ncpace.htm]
 * Air Force
   [https://www.afpc.af.mil/Career-Management/Military-Tuition-Assistance-Program/]
 * Coast Guard
   [https://www.forcecom.uscg.mil/Our-Organization/FORCECOM-UNITS/ETQC/VOLUNTARY-EDUCATION/Tuition-Assistance/]

MIA-POW Scholarship

The program is available through the Illinois Department of Veteran Affairs
(IDVA). The scholarship pays tuition and the per credit hour student fee. Any
additional fees billed to your student account cannot be billed to MIA-POW. Once
approved by IDVA, the 120-unit eligibility is equivalent to four full-time years
of enrollment at an Illinois public college or university. MIA-POW cannot be
used toward noncredit courses at College of DuPage. 

For additional information on this benefit, visit www2.illinois.gov 
[https://www2.illinois.gov]

My Career Advancement Account (MyCAA) Scholarship
MyCAA is a workforce development program that provides financial assistance to
eligible military spouses who are pursuing a license, certification or
Associate's degree in a portable career field and occupation. For additional
information on this benefit, visit mycaa.militaryonesource.mil
[https://mycaa.militaryonesource.mil/mycaa/get-started].

''GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at
the official U.S. government Website at https://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill."


CONTACT INFORMATION

Veterans Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2225
(630) 942-3814
Email: veterans@cod.edu [veterans@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-4991

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/veterans/veterans-benefits.pcf]