https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/smith_brandon.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: BRANDON SMITH

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Brandon Smith
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Brandon Smith [/about/stories/students/images/brandon_smith.jpg]


Major: Nursing

Brandon Smith was always interested in a career working closely with people, but
he never had a direction to follow.

He tried taking college courses years ago but was not serious about education.
Instead, Smith held a series of job – cable installer, UPS package handler,
baggage handler at American Airlines – before working for Frito-Lay as a route
sales representative, a position he held for almost 15 years.

“For a while, it was enjoyable because it involved a great deal of interpersonal
skills, collaboration and building solid work relationships,” he said. “After a
while, I felt like a wheel spinning in place, not really going anywhere. I
didn’t feel fulfilled or challenged in my work. It allowed me to earn a decent
living but that was all.”

When his wife was six months pregnant with their second child, Smith rushed her
to the hospital when she experienced excruciating pain in her abdomen.
Exploratory surgery revealed that one of her fallopian tubes had twisted and
become necrotic; it was nearly the size of a softball. Thankfully, everything
turned out well, and it was during his wife’s recovery in the hospital and
afterward that Smith began thinking about a new career.

“We saw nurses throughout the days, way more than any doctors,” he said. “Some
of the nurses were kind, helpful, compassionate and caring. Other nurses were
almost the opposite, seeming bothered to have to do anything for us, always
being rushed to get out of the room as soon as they could. My wife was greatly
affected by both types of nurses. The wonderful nurses helped improve her
recovery in both body and spirit. The not-so-great nurses made her feel like a
burden, like she shouldn't be asking for something to help ease her pain or that
she was better off recovering at home.

“After leaving the hospital, I stayed at home with her to help her recover,
because she had a huge incision from her belly button to her pubic bone – and
she was pregnant! After that week, my wife told me that I did so well with
helping her, that I was a great caregiver, much like the nurses who were helpful
while in the hospital. She suggested that I should pursue nursing. After some
thought, I realized that I wanted to have a positive, meaningful impact in the
lives of people, that I enjoyed caring for others, that I felt fulfilled knowing
that I had the ability to make a difference.”

Smith chose College of DuPage because his family had just moved to Winfield and
he liked how close it was. His wife, an emergency room physician assistant, also
heard from colleagues about the high quality of COD’s Nursing program.

Adult Student Admissions at COD [/admission/adult/index.aspx]



For the first year, Smith took night classes after working long 13- or 14-hour
days. After completing COD’s Basic Nursing Assistant program, he applied to the
Nursing program and was accepted.

“It was difficult but I finally had a career goal that would enable me to find
satisfaction, comfortably support my family, and be an example of hard work and
study for my children. It was worth every minute,” he said.

Smith appreciated the amount of guidance and support at COD, especially from the
faculty.

“The nursing faculty were there to help guide me both academically and
emotionally when I struggled or stumbled,” he said. “I am extremely grateful for
the new program they started – Guided Study Group (GSG) – that helped me focus
on the material and my studies so that I could be successful in the program.
With the mountain of studying that the program requires, GSG helped me and many
others really grasp the concepts of nursing. I have experienced wonderful
clinical sites, explored many fields of nursing, and met people who may be good
to know when I am applying for a nursing position.”

The Nursing program constantly strives to give the students the best experiences
available.

Brandon Smith

After graduating with honors with his Associate Degree in Nursing, Smith
transferred to Benedictine University and had begun his orientation in the ER at
OSF in Rockford when COVID hit. Despite the stress of commuting to Rockford and
completing his degree online, he graduated and transferred to the ER at AMITA
Health Alexian Brothers Medical Center in Elk Grove Village, where he dealt with
crises caused by the pandemic.

Smith moved his family to Florida and transitioned to travel nursing, where he
helps in ERs with critical needs. The career move provides him with the
flexibility to maintain a better work/life balance.

“This change has been a massive learning experience and a chance to grow in my
professional career,” he said. “I am at a point where I can focus on advancing
to different specialties and possibly gain certifications at my own pace.”

Smith encourages anyone interested in nursing to enroll at COD for the necessary
tools to succeed.

“After being out of school for nearly 20 years, I was nervous about getting back
into such an intensive program,” he said. “However, I need not have worried
because the nursing faculty present the curriculum in a way that relates to the
real world, not just referencing a book. The Nursing program constantly strives
to give the students the best experiences available through wonderful clinical
sites, a quality simulation hospital and teachers genuinely invested in their
students’ success.

“I feel that I always will have a home at College of DuPage. The Nursing program
helped fuel my passion for nursing and I am grateful that I began my journey at
COD.”

Learn more about the Nursing program at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx]




COD NURSING STORIES

Sofie Langan [/about/stories/students/images/sofie-langan.jpg]

"I also decided to attend COD because they incorporate sophisticated technology
in the Nursing program. Having multifunctional mannequins, virtual reality
technology and modern simulation hospital settings available to students told me
that I would get a good education at COD.” - Sofie Langan

Sofie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/langan.aspx]


COD NURSING STORIES

Tony Badway [/about/stories/students/images/tony_badway.jpg]

"My wife got into nursing in her mid-20s, and as I heard about her day-to-day
adventures, I got more and more interested." - Tony Badway

Tony's COD Story [/about/stories/students/badway_tony.aspx]


COD NURSING STORIES

Renee Mecklenberg [/about/stories/students/images/renee_mecklenburg.jpg]

"The program helps you explore the many avenues of nursing, and I’m now an ER
nurse because my ER clinical was amazing." - Renee Mecklenburg

Renee's COD Story [/about/stories/students/mecklenburg.aspx]


COD NURSING STORIES

Felix Boahm [/about/stories/students/images/felix_boamah.jpg]

"The classes I took at COD helped me to stand out among applicants to gain
admission into a four-year nursing degree program while preparing me to face the
challenges during my education toward my Bachelor of Science in Nursing." -
Felix Boamah

Felix's COD Story [/about/stories/students/boamah.aspx]


COD NURSING STORIES

Heather Miller [/about/stories/students/images/heather_miller.jpg]

"I was with my mother during all of her treatments and immediately realized the
skill and expertise all of her nursing care providers had. This particular part
of my mother’s cancer journey is what ultimately drove me to Nursing at COD." -
Heather Havericak

Heather's COD Story [/about/stories/students/miller.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/smith_brandon.pcf]