https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


ROBERT J. MILLER HOMELAND SECURITY EDUCATION CENTER (HEC)

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Visitor
Information [https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/]Campus Facilities
[https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/]Robert J.
Miller Homeland Security Education Center (HEC)
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Berg Instructional Center (BIC) and Student Services Center (SSC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx]
 * Culinary and Hospitality Center (CHC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/chc.aspx]
 * Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center (HEC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.aspx]
 * Health and Science Center (HSC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx]
 * Homeland Security Training Center (HTC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/htc.aspx]
 * McAninch Arts Center (MAC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/mac.aspx]
 * Physical Education Center (PEC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/pe.aspx]
 * Seaton Computing Center (SCC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/scc.aspx]
 * Student Resource Center (SRC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/src.aspx]
 * Technical Education Center (TEC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/tec.aspx]
 * Facilities Department
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]

Outside of the Homeland Security Education Center
[/_resources/img/video/hec-outside.jpg]

The Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center (HEC) houses the
Criminal and Justice Studies and Fire Science Technology programs, Suburban Law
Enforcement Academy (SLEA) and COD Police Department.

Pillar from Twin Towers [/_resources/img/video/hec-twin-towers.jpg]

COD is one of the few educational facilities in the U.S. to receive a relic from
the Twin Towers following 9/11.

Street Scene [/_resources/img/video/hec-street-scene.jpg]

Located inside the building is a full-scale street scene for real-world training
exercises.

Classroom in the HEC [/_resources/img/video/hec-classroom.jpg]

The Forensics Lab is equipped for blood splatter analysis, boot print casting,
finger printing, crime scene investigation and photography.

Courtroom [/_resources/img/video/hec-courtroom.jpg]

The building's mock courtroom and auditorium, named after the Honorable William
J. Bauer, gives students the chance to experience law in person.

The state-of-the-art HEC features: 

 * A full-scale, immersive indoor street scene for force-on-force exercises.
   This has been considered the crown jewel of the building's advanced training
   programs.
 * Forensics and cybercrime labs. Every station in labs is equipped with
   computer technology that allows students to explore the world of Homeland
   Security.
 * A command center designed to instruct National Incident Management System
   protocols.
 * A smoke room with moveable walls for EMS, fire rescue simulations. 
 * An outdoor scaling and rappelling tower, and a full-size ambulance.
 * A VirTra V-300 simulator. The simulator provides limitless opportunities for
   creating real-world scenarios that test first responders and prepare them for
   what awaits in the community.

The HEC places COD at the forefront of first responder training in the Midwest.
Approximately 7,600 individuals receive training through the HEC annually.

Inside the HEC is a beam from the World Trade Center. COD is one of the few
educational institutions in the U.S. selected to receive a relic from the Twin
Towers following 9/11. The beam is 27" by 127" and weighs more than 1,000
pounds. The HEC has installed a permanent memorial to 9/11 that has as its focal
point a ceiling beam from one of the buildings. It serves as a daily reminder to
faculty, staff, students and visitors of the privilege and importance of our
mission. Learn more about the World Trade Center Memorial
[/hsti/facilities.aspx]

Completed in fall of 2011, this $25 million facility was funded through proceeds
from a successful 2002 capital referendum.

 * View the floor plan
   [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/pdf/floor_hec.pdf]

Architect/Engineer: Legat Architects
Construction Manager: Power Construction Company

 

 


IMMERSIVE STREET SCENE

Street Scene
[/_resources/img/video/street-scene.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/tW5Ahtg01ss?rel=0

The 4D street scene provides the most realistic training experience possible,
allowing departments to conduct tactile, real-world training exercises in a
simulated environment.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019-clone&action=de&path=/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.pcf]