https://www.cod.edu/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


BEHAVIORAL INTERVENTION TEAM

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Dean
of Students [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/dean-of-students/]Behavioral
Intervention at College of DuPage
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * In Case of Emergency
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/emergency.aspx]
 * Guide for Dealing with Classroom Disruptions
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/classroom-disruption-policy.aspx]
 * Responding to Students with Possible Behaviors of Concern
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/response.aspx]

College of DuPage cares about the safety, health and well-being of its students,
faculty, staff and community. The Behavioral Intervention Team was created to
promote and maintain the safety and well-being of the campus community.


WHO IS THE BEHAVIOR INTERVENTION TEAM?

The team is comprised of representatives from a wide range of campus departments
to provide a holistic support system for students. We serve as a centralized
reporting source for any community member (faculty/staff, students, parents,
etc.) who is concerned about a student or campus community member and would like
assistance with the concern.

The Dean of Students serves as the chair of the Behavioral Intervention Team and
coordinates outreach to students to offer assistance and connect them with on
and off campus resources.


TEAM PURPOSE

 * Educate others about how to identify behaviors of concern and how to refer
   them.
 * Review all referred incidents, as soon as reasonably possible: It is
   recognized that some referrals, by their very nature, will require immediate
   review and response while others may be dealt with during regular team
   meetings. 
 * Determine if a risk exists and develop a strategy or plan of action to
   respond to that risk: The team will use a fact based assessment process to
   determine if a risk exists and to develop an appropriate plan of action.
   Action plans take into consideration the risk for potential harm and the
   potential for incidents of targeted violence. 
 * Take appropriate action to implement the plan and mitigate the risk: The team
   shall implement the agreed upon action plan and assure that all necessary
   follow up and documentation is conducted. Any action plan shall make
   available, and use as needed, a full range of support services including
   mental health, crisis management, as well as victim services.
 * Work with individuals who have been referred to ensure a safe and successful
   experience at College of DuPage


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Learn more about the Behavioral Intervention Team by reading the following
frequently asked questions.

What should I be concerned about?

The following behaviors can all be important signs of distress. As a member of
the College of DuPage community, you may notice an individual exhibiting
behaviors which cause some concern. Or you may have a “gut-level feeling” that
something is wrong. If the latter is the case, don’t dismiss your feelings or
feel that you need to wait for tangible “proof” that a problem exists. A simple
check-in with the individual may help you get a better sense of his/her
situation. 


PHYSICAL SIGNS

 * Falling asleep in class or other inopportune times
 * A dramatic change in energy level (either direction)
 * Worrisome changes in hygiene or personal appearance
 * Significant changes in weight
 * Frequent state of alcohol intoxication (i.e., bleary-eyed, hung-over,
   smelling of alcohol)
 * Noticeable cuts, bruises, or burns on individual


EMOTIONAL SIGNS

 * Inappropriate emotional outbursts (unprovoked anger or hostility, sobbing)
 * Agitated behaviors
 * Exaggerated personality traits; more withdrawn or more animated than usual
 * Expressions of hopelessness, fear or worthlessness; themes of suicide, death
   and dying in papers/projects
 * Direct statements indicating distress, family problems, or other difficulties
 * Peer concern about a fellow individual (in class, lab, club)

How do I refer an incident or individual of concern?

Referrals can be made by completing the electronic reporting form. The online
form allows for 24-hour reporting; however, note that referrals may not be
handled until the next business day. NOTE: In cases where an individual’s
behavior poses an imminent threat to you or another, contact the College of
DuPage Police, if you are on main campus (630) 942-2000 or for off-campus
concerns, call 911 immediately!


WHAT DOES THE BIT NEED TO KNOW?

 * Name of the individual(s) of concern
 * Factual description of the incident or behavior, be objective and use direct
   quotes when possible
 * Location and time the incident occurred, or when the behaviors were first
   notices
 * Names and contact information of any witnesses
 * Your name and contact information
 * Related emails, correspondence or information you have concerning the
   incident. If possible, save voice recordings, text messages and emails on the
   device that received them.


WHO CAN REFER AN INCIDENT?

Anyone who feels an individual is a threat to themselves and/or the community
can make a referral; including students, parents, faculty and staff, and other
community members.


REFERRALS TO BIT ARE PRIVATE

The BIT will take reasonable steps to maintain the privacy of those who make a
report to BIT, if requested, but confidentiality cannot be guaranteed. On
occasion, due to the nature of the reported concern, the reporter’s identity may
be evident to the individual of concern.


TALKING TO AN INDIVIDUAL OF CONCERN

If you are comfortable doing so, tell the individual that you are concerned and
ask if they are OK. In many cases an individual will indicate that they could
use some help and you can refer them to counseling services or to the BIT.

If you have determined that a referral to the BIT is appropriate, and are
comfortable doing so, you are encouraged to discuss the referral with the person
of concern. You can say something like “I am concerned about you, and so I have
referred you to our BIT. The BIT can provide you with support and resources to
get you through this difficult time.”


WHAT HAPPENS AFTER I REFER?

 * The team evaluates each report.
 * A member(s) of the BIT may reach out to the individual of concern to assess
   any resources needed and collaboratively develop an action plan with the
   individual to reduce obstacles for their success at College of DuPage. The
   BIT may also contact the person completing the Incident Report.
 * BIT members will assist the individual to coordinate with existing campus
   resources and works with the individual to monitor progress. In the event
   that an individual is perceived to be at risk of harm to self or others, BIT
   may coordinate with appropriate College of DuPage offices to assist the
   individual.
 * BIT may determine that there is no need to take any further action but will
   monitor the situation and concern.
 * Although there may be instances where there is an intersection of Student
   Conduct and BIT, the BIT is not intended as a punitive function, and is a
   resource to support students, staff, and faculty and community members in
   times of distress. Conduct violations will be handled in accordance with the
   procedures outlined in the Student Handbook through the Student Conduct
   Office. The work of the BIT is not intended to replace the current college
   disciplinary process, and/or faculty classroom management.



Make a Referral
[https://cm.maxient.com/reportingform.php?CollegeofDuPage&layout_id=16]



Understanding FERPA and BIT

FERPA protects the privacy of students’ education records. FERPA does not
prohibit or in any way restrict a College employee from sharing what they
personally observe. In other words, a College employee would not violate FERPA
by advising the BIT of what he or she saw or hears when directly interacting
with a student, when observing a student interact with others, or when otherwise
observing a student’s behavior or demeanor.

In addition, if a College of DuPage faculty or staff member notices disturbing
content in a student’s writing or artwork, the faculty member should refer this
to the BIT. Although the student’s writing or art work would likely be an
education record protected by FERPA, FERPA authorizes school officials (such as
faculty) to disclose education records, without student’s consent, to other
school officials who have a legitimate educational interest in those records.
Since the BIT is responsible for identifying, responding to, and supporting
at-risk College of DuPage students while simultaneously attending to the needs
of the College of DuPage community, the members of the BIT would have a
legitimate educational interest in examining the student’s writing or artwork.

Protecting student privacy is a high priority of the BIT. Record and proceedings
of the BIT are kept private and shared only on a “need to know” basis in a
manner that is consistent with College policy and the College’s obligations
under applicable laws, including FERPA.

Who are the members of the BIT?
 * Nathania Montes – BIT Chairperson, Dean, Student Affairs, montes@cod.edu
   [montes@cod.edu]
 * Addie Cooke – Administrative Assistant to the Dean of Students,
   cookea19@cod.edu [cookea19@cod.edu]
 * Dennis Emano – Mental Health Counselor, emanod@cod.edu [emanod@cod.edu]
 * Tauya Forst – Criminal and Justice Studies Faculty, johnsont217@cod.edu
   [johnsont217@cod.edu]
 * Robert Hazard – English Faculty, hazard@cod.edu [hazard@cod.edu]
 * Kent Munsterman – Lieutenant, College of DuPage Police, munsterm@cod.edu
   [munsterm@cod.edu]
 * James Nehls – Deputy Chief, College of DuPage Police, nehlsj156@cod.edu
   [nehlsj156@cod.edu]
 * Eric Ramirez Thompson - Criminal and Justice Studies Faculty,
   thompsone@cod.edu [thompsone@cod.edu]
 * Samantha Salvato – Manager, Center for Access and Accommodations,
   salvatos24@cod.edu [salvatos24@cod.edu]
 * Julie Trytek – Human Services Faculty, trytekj@cod.edu [trytekj@cod.edu]
 * Sonia Watson – Dean, Adjunct Faculty Support, watsons57@cod.edu
   [watsons57@cod.edu]
 * Debra Wendling – Human Resource Partner, wendlingd@cod.edu
   [wendlingd@cod.edu]

Resources
 * Helping Students Get Help
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/pdf/helping-students.pdf]
   – Decision Tree to assist in determining who to contact for a student of
   concern
 * BIT Faculty Guide
 * Guide for Dealing with Classroom Disruption
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/classroom-disruption-policy.aspx]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Behavioral Intervention Team
(630) 942-2485
deanofstudents@cod.edu [deanofstudents@cod.edu]

College of DuPage Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services Center
[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
(630) 942-2259
counseling@cod.edu [counseling@cod.edu]

College of DuPage Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
(630) 942-2000

Center for Access and Accommodations
[/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
(630) 942-2154
access@cod.edu [access@cod.edu]

24-hour DuPage County Crisis Line: (630) 627-1700

College of DuPage Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019-clone&action=de&path=/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/index.pcf]