https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Electrical mechanical student working on a machine
[/_resources/img/hero/electro-mechanical-student-stock.png]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Electro-Mechanical Technology
Program


ELECTRO-MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

Study robotics and industrial automation at COD in the Electro-Mechanical
Technology program. This high-quality program emphasizes hands-on learning and
exposes students to the latest equipment in state-of-the-art facilities. 

Students will enjoy small classes with faculty members who are experts in the
field. Depending on the field of study, electro-mechanical courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/elmec/] include robotics, industrial
electricity, national electrical code, critical thinking and maintenance.

The program offers two associate degrees in Electro-Mechanical Technology and as
an Electrician Apprenticeship and several certificates.

Paid internships are widely available to prepare our students for real-world
challenges. Students also benefit from a comprehensive job placement service
when they are ready to seek employment. Through COD's articulation agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/electronics-technology.aspx] with several
universities, credits can be transferred easily and earned at a lower cost.

Demand for graduates is high and salaries are climbing. Graduates of COD are
frequently offered full-time positions before completing their degrees.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The electronics mechanical industry remains an exciting area to seek employment
and the College’s practical program meets the needs of the 21st century
workforce and industry.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in electronics, planning to transfer to a
four-year baccalaureate-granting institution, or updating your skills, College
of DuPage has the right program for you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening, weekend and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Partnerships with area firms prepare students and workers for employment and
   advancement through industry-led projects.
 * An Advisory Committee made up of industry professionals ensures that College
   of DuPage’s Electronics program offers up-to-date training on equipment and
   in skills that are relevant and in demand by today’s employers.
 * Dual credit agreements offer high school students a head start on their
   higher education and career goals.

Degrees


ELECTRO-MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY

The Electro-Mechanical Technology Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/electro-mechanical-technology-aas/]
degree program prepares students to enter the industrial and manufacturing
workplace with knowledge and skill levels in three areas: programmable
controllers, process control instrumentation and mechanical maintenance.


ELECTRICIAN APPRENTICESHIP

The Electrician Apprenticeship Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/electrician-apprenticeship-aas/]
degree program in partnership with the Joint Apprenticeship and Training
Committee (JATC) of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW)
Local Union, is open only to individuals admitted into the Electrician
Apprenticeship Program of the IBEW. 

Certificates


ADVANCED MECHATRONICS

The Advanced Mechatronics
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/advanced-mechatronics-certificate/]
certificate provides students with multidisciplinary skills in the areas of
mechanics, electricity, electronics, instrumentation, robotics, and
manufacturing. This certificate prepares students for careers in industrial
mechatronics.


ELECTRICIAN’S PREPARATION

The Electrician’s Preparation
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/electricians-preparation-certificate/]
certificate provides knowledge, skills, and competencies to students for work in
the area of residential, commercial, and industrial wiring. National Electric
Code, residential, commercial and industrial wiring are studied. 


MECHANICAL MAINTENANCE

Students earning the Mechanical Maintenance
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/mechanical-maintenance-certificate/]
certificate learn skills in power trains, drive components, mechanical alignment
of couplings, pumps and motors, and troubleshooting and repair of industrial
components.


MECHATRONICS TECHNOLOGY

Mechatronics Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/mechatronics-technology-met-certificate/]
(MET) is designed to meet industry needs for multi-functional technicians
competent in mechanics, computers, and electrical/electronic technology.


PROCESS CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION

The Process Control Instrumentation
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/process-control-instrumentation-certificate/]
certificate trains the student to inspect, calibrate, troubleshoot and repair
various temperature, pressure, flow and level measurement instruments.


PROGRAMMABLE LOGIC CONTROLLERS IN AUTOMATION

The Programmable Logic Controllers in Automation
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/programmable-logic-controllers-automation-certificate/]
certificate involves programming and maintenance of various programmable
controllers in automation applications. 


COD STORIES

Matthew McGovern [/about/stories/students/images/matt_mcgovern.jpg]

"COD helped me meet my goal by giving me everything I could have asked for in a
maintenance certificate and allowing me to learn using expensive machines that
otherwise I would have no access to." - Matthew McGovern

Matthew's COD Story [/about/stories/students/mcgovern.aspx]


COD STORIES

Asma Parveen Abdul Majeeth
[/about/stories/students/images/asma_parveen_abdul_majeeth.jpg]

"I am so grateful for having landed at College of DuPage. Before coming, I was
so aimless. But COD helped me in choosing my dream field and setting up a path
for my future success.” - Asma Parveen Abdul Majeeth

Asma's COD Story [/about/stories/students/majeeth.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ELECTRO-MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

Person using an electrical reader
[/_resources/img/video/electrical-mechanical-stock-reader.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/xLK2xvbnU44?rel=0

The Electro-Mechanical Technology program offers fundamental and advanced
training in the areas of mechanical maintenance, process control
instrumentation, and programmable controllers.


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in electro-mechanical technology is to apply
for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Advanced Mechatronics, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/advanced-mechatronics-certificate/]
 * Electrician Apprenticeship, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/electrician-apprenticeship-aas/]
 * Electrician’s Preparation, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/electricians-preparation-certificate/]
 * Electro-Mechanical Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/electro-mechanical-technology-aas/]
 * Mechanical Maintenance, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/mechanical-maintenance-certificate/]
 * Mechatronics Technology (MET), Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/mechatronics-technology-met-certificate/]
 * Process Control Instrumentation, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/process-control-instrumentation-certificate/]
 * Programmable Logic Controllers in Automation, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/electro-mechanical-technology/programmable-logic-controllers-automation-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Electro-mechanical Technology Program graduates will:

 * Install and fabricate mechanical and electrical/electronic components and
   assemblies, by applying workshop skills and knowledge of basic shop practices
   in accordance with applicable codes and safety practices.
 * Analyze, interpret, and produce electrical, electronic, and mechanical
   drawings and related documents necessary for electromechanical design.
 * Select and use troubleshooting techniques and test equipment to assess
   electromechanical systems, circuits, equipment, processes, and subsystems.
 * Modify, maintain, and repair electrical, electronic, and mechanical
   components, equipment.
 * Apply the principles of engineering, mathematics, and science to analyze and
   solve design and other complex technical problems and to complete work
   related to electromechanical engineering.
 * Design and analyze mechanical components, processes, and systems through the
   application of engineering principles and practices.
 * Apply principles of mechanics and fluid mechanics to the design and analysis
   of electromechanical systems.
 * Design, select, apply, integrate, and troubleshoot a variety of industrial
   motor controls and data acquisition devices and systems.
 * Install and troubleshoot computer hardware to support the electromechanical
   engineering systems.
 * Analyze, program, install, integrate, and troubleshoot automated systems.
 * Establish and maintain inventory, records, and documentation systems. Assist
   in project management by applying business principles to the
   electromechanical engineering environment.
 * Specify, and conduct quality-control and quality-assurance programs and
   procedures.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several electronics technology
[/academics/transfer/programs/electronics-technology.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM



Apply Now
[http://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact Electro-Mechanical Technology
[/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/index.pcf]