https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/business/marketing.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

a man teaching marketing [/_resources/img/hero/marketing-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Business, Management and
Marketing Program [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/business/]Marketing
Program


MARKETING PROGRAM

A background in marketing can offer you expertise in business, communications,
research and analysis, sales and teamwork. Marketing courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/marke/] will teach you consumer behavior,
promotions, advertising strategies and how to attract and retain consumers. 

College of DuPage offers a Marketing, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-aas/] degree and
several certificates in marketing
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-certificate/],
consumer marketing
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/consumer-marketing-certificate/#text]
and digital and social media
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/digital-social-media-marketing-certificate/]. 

Apply the knowledge you receive in marketing, management and business to fulfill
a variety of professional roles within any industry. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Marketing graduates often find employment in inside and outside sales, customer
service, consumer marketing, business-to-business marketing, e-commerce and
promotions.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in business, management or marketing,
planning to transfer to a four-year institution, planning to start your own
business, or updating your skills, College of DuPage has the right program for
you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/business/contact.aspx] with years
   of practical industry experience and teaching experience.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities.
 * Flexible schedules with day and evening classes, online learning and
   accelerated hybrid classes.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Programs designed to prepare students with the skills that are in demand by
   today’s employers.
 * Articulated transfer programs [/academics/transfer/index.aspx] with several
   prestigious universities that facilitate a convenient, affordable and
   streamlined approach to earning a baccalaureate degree.

Degrees


MARKETING

The Marketing, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-aas/] degree program
provides a solid foundation in core business and marketing topics as well as
flexibility through program electives.

Graduates gain knowledge in a variety of employment opportunities including
inside and outside sales, customer service, consumer marketing,
business-to-business marketing, e-commerce and promotions.

Curriculum covers fundamental business related topics, including social media
and internet marketing, principles of retailing, sales, marketing and
management, advertising, business ethics and business law, as well as
accounting, computer information systems, microeconomics and macroeconomics, and
psychology. 

Certificates


CONSUMER MARKETING

The Consumer Marketing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/consumer-marketing-certificate/#text]
program provides students with core competencies in marketing finished products
and services to consumers. The curriculum covers introductory business concepts
as well as the principles of marketing and consumer behavior. 


DIGITAL AND SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING

The Digital and Social Media Marketing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/digital-social-media-marketing-certificate/]
program provides students the foundational understanding of developing a digital
marketing strategy.

Students will be able to optimize a company's digital marketing efforts through
search engine optimization, digital content creation, analysis of digital
metrics, develop email campaigns,and learn best website practices. Students will
have the opportunity to earn related industry certifications.


MARKETING

The Marketing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-certificate/]
program provides a foundation in general marketing practices and principles. The
curriculum covers traditional marketing, internet and social media marketing as
well as business, computer information systems, financial accounting and
principles of management. 


COD STORIES

Jackie Camacho Ruiz [/about/stories/students/images/jacqueline_camachoruiz.jpg]

"I had heard wonderful things about the school and I loved the flexibility of
classes. I would highly recommend the Business/Management/Marketing program for
its practicality and applicability to the real world” - Jackie Camacho Ruiz

Jackie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/camacho-ruiz.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ryan Lawless [/about/stories/students/images/ryan_lawless.jpg]

"High school can be hectic and confusing, but the curriculum COD provides helps
students gain an idea of what they might like to study in the future or do for
work, all at an affordable price.” - Ryan Lawless

Ryan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/lawless.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ahsan Javaid [/about/stories/students/images/ahsan_javaid.jpg]

"COD was so awesome; I loved it. The instructors were very friendly and really
wanted you to succeed. At COD, the instruction was more hands on; you really had
to apply what you learned.” - Ahsan Javaid

Ahsan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/javaid.aspx]


COD STORIES

Grace Biernacki [/about/stories/students/images/grace_biernacki.jpg]

"College of DuPage is an amazing community college. The classes are as rigorous
and detailed as those at a four-year school, and it’s an extremely wise
financial choice. COD provided me with so many amazing opportunities that I
would recommend it to anyone in a heartbeat.” - Grace Biernacki

Grace's COD Story [/about/stories/students/biernacki.aspx]


COD STORIES

Marcela Calderon [/about/stories/students/images/marcela_calderon.jpg]

"I learned from a lot of great professors at COD who really challenged me and
made me a better student. Had I not completed the educational journey I have had
through COD and RU, I don’t think I could have landed such a fantastic
opportunity!” - Marcela Calderon

Marcela's COD Story [/about/stories/students/calderon.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Marketing is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Consumer Marketing, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/consumer-marketing-certificate/]
 * Digital and Social Media Marketing, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/digital-social-media-marketing-certificate/]
 * Marketing, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-aas/]
 * Marketing, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/marketing/marketing-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Marketing program graduates will:

 * Explain marketing concepts associated with product, price, distribution and
   promotion strategies.
 * Assemble appropriate information resources to support analysis of the macro
   and microenvironments.
 * Formulate communication that informs, persuades and develops relationships
   with diverse groups of customers.
 * Demonstrate an understanding of ethical and socially responsible marketing
   issues and practices.
 * Describe the role of marketing in an organization.
 * Assess and respond to customer needs and expectations.
 * Propose effective marketing strategies.

Where You Can Transfer

College of DuPage has several business, management and marketing transfer
agreements  [/academics/transfer/programs/business-management-marketing.aspx]in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

The following are answers to common frequently asked questions regarding the
Business, Management and Marketing programs.

How is a certificate different from a degree?
A certificate focuses on a specific body or area of knowledge while a degree
combines that focus with a broad academic background. 
What is the difference between an Associate in Arts and an Associate in Applied
Science degree?

An Associate in Arts degree is usually geared to transfer to a
baccalaureate-granting college or university in a residential, full-time
program. The Associate in Applied Science degree is accepted by many local
colleges and universities, especially adult, part-time programs.

The Associate in Arts includes more liberal arts courses, while the Associate in
Applied Science focuses more on your specialty area.

What does IAI stand for?
IAI is the acronym for the Illinois Articulation Initiative. A course which is
designated IAI will transfer to any public or private college or university in
Illinois.
What are course prerequisites?

Prerequisites are courses (or demonstrated equivalent experience) that you must
take prior to enrolling in another higher-level course. 

You need to take prerequisite courses because they give you the background
necessary for higher-level courses. The higher-level course instructor assumes
that you have mastered the content of the prerequisite course. Mastery of the
prerequisite course content improves your chances of successful performance.

Is every course offered every semester?

The following courses are usually offered in fall, spring, and summer terms in
at least one delivery format, in-person, hybrid, online, or virtual:

 * Business 1100 (Introduction to Business) 
 * Business 1111 (Customer Service)
 * Business 1161 (Entrepreneurship)
 * Business 2255 (International Business)
 * Management 2210 (Principles of Management) 
 * Management 2215 (Leadership)
 * Management 2220 (Organizational Behavior)
 * Marketing 2225 (Consumer Behavior)
 * Marketing 2235 ( Digital Marketing Analytics)
 * Management 2240 (Human Resource Management)
 * Marketing 1100 (Consumer Marketing)
 * Marketing 2210 (Principles of Marketing) 
 * Marketing 2220 (Principles of Sales) 
 * Marketing 2240 (Advertising)
 * Marketing 2270 (Digital Marketing)

 
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Management Program [/academics/programs/business/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/business/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/business/marketing.pcf]