https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/learning_communities/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students studying in stundent lounge
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-students-studying-hsc-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Learning
Communities


LEARNING COMMUNITIES

Learning Communities combine two or more classes linked by a common theme,
allowing a more immersive exploration of the class topics. You’ll enhance your
education and develop a meaningful support network with others who share similar
interests. Learning Communities are innovatively designed to help you enjoy the
path to achieving academic success! Check below for this semester’s offerings.


HOW LEARNING COMMUNITIES WORK

 * They encourage deeper learning by exploring subjects through an
   interdisciplinary perspective that promotes integrated learning.
 * Classes run back-to-back with a break in between.
 * More time spent with faculty and classmates allows you to develop meaningful
   relationships and increased collaboration.
 * They allow you to complete general education and/or program requirements in a
   unique learning environment.
 * Assignments are often coordinated, creating a workload that feels more
   manageable.
 * Some learning communities even take field trips!


WHAT STUDENTS HAVE TO SAY

 * “It definitely had more of a family feel than any other class.”
 * “I participated in two learning communities in my time at COD and I wish the
   university I transferred to offered them. Content from these courses stuck
   with me because we had more time to discuss and absorb the information. I
   always noticed how topics from my classes would crossover, and learning
   communities allow you to share that experience with a whole group.”
 * “I think [learning communities] are great! It was very helpful to have two
   classes that were together; it made my first semester easier and prepared me
   for the rest of my college experience.”
 * “Good way to learn by getting ideas from various perspectives.”
 * “It is great! You’re able to tie together all of the coursework and complete
   multiple classes during one period.”
 * “Incredibly engaging. Every class should be in this format!”


FALL 2023 LEARNING COMMUNITIES

The following Learning Communities courses are offered during the Fall 2023
semester.

The Art and Science of Science Writing

Designed for biology, zoology, and pre-professional students, this learning
community will amplify your biological literacy and communication skills. Course
topics and content demonstrate the interconnectedness of these disciplines.
Complete half of your suggested first-semester pathway in this 8-credit,
one-afternoon combo.

 * ENGLI-1101-LC010, Composition I (Gen Ed: Comm)—3 credits

Tuesday, noon to 1:50 p.m.

 * BIOLO-1151-LC010, Principles of Biological Science (Gen Ed: Bio Sci)—5
   credits

Tuesday, 2 to 4:50 p.m.


INFORMATION

 * Bonnie Flynn, flynnb336@cod.edu [flynnb336@cod.edu]
 * Beth Shaffer-McCarthy, shaffer-mccarthye@cod.edu [shaffer-mccarthye@cod.edu]

Hybrid format requires additional weekly coursework outside of the classroom.

Body Language

Becoming a healthcare professional involves learning the structures and
functions of the human body as well as the technical language that is used to
communicate with other members of the healthcare team. Gain proficiency with the
language of medicine while achieving mastery with anatomical structures and
dynamic physiological processes.

 * ANAT-1551-LC012, Human Anatomy and Physiology I—4 credits

Tuesday and Thursday, noon to 2:50 p.m.

 * HLTHS-1110-LC012, Biomedical Terminology—3 credits

Tuesday and Thursday, 10 to 11:30 a.m. – VCM format

Internet access is required for fully online courses (NET) and virtual classroom
meetings (VCM). For more information, visit cod.edu/online
[/academics/online/index.aspx].


INFORMATION

 * Kathleen Finan, finank@cod.edu [finank@cod.edu]
 * Dilyss Gallyot, gallyot@cod.edu [gallyot@cod.edu]

Charting Your Course

Design a path for your education and dream job. Explore career options,
determine educational goals and develop a plan to support you along the way.
Engage in practice interviews, craft a resume and build the strong communication
skills that put you ahead in the job search.

 * COLLG-1105-LC010, Career Development (Gen Ed: CLS)—2 credits

Wednesday, 10 to 10:50 a.m.

 * SPEECH-1100-LC010, Fundamentals of Speech Communication (Gen Ed: Comm)—3
   credits

Tuesday and Thursday, 9:30 to 10:45 a.m.


INFORMATION

 * Cassandra Wingert, wingertc@cod.edu [wingertc@cod.edu]
 * Devin Chambers, chambersd62@cod.edu [chambersd62@cod.edu]

Digital and Social Media Marketing Certificate

Gain a foundational understanding of how to develop a digital marketing
strategy. Build in-demand skills in search engine optimization (SEO), social
media, email marketing, paid advertisements and digital analytics. (Second
12-Week Session)

 * MARKE-1150-LC010, Social Media Marketing—3 credits

Online

 * MARKE-2235-LC010, Digital Marketing Analytics—3 credits

Online

Internet access is required for fully online courses (NET) and virtual classroom
meetings (VCM). For more information, visit cod.edu/online
[/academics/online/index.aspx].


INFORMATION

Mary Rojas Carlson, carlsonm@cod.edu [carlsonm@cod.edu]

Human Resource Management (HRM) Certificate

Build your HR expertise through integrated coursework in this advanced study in
talent acquisition and retention, compensation and benefits, performance
management, operations and structure, strategic planning, ethical leadership and
business acumen. Work collaboratively on problem- solving and gain experience in
HR process and policy development.

 * MANAG-2242-LC018, Talent Acquisition and Retention—2 credits

Wednesday, 6 to 7:05 p.m.

 * MANAG-2245-LC018, Compensation, Benefits and Performance Management—2 credits

Wednesday, 7:15 to 8:20 p.m.

 * MANAG-2248-LC018, Strategic HR Management—2 credits

Wednesday, 8:30 to 9:30 p.m.

Hybrid format requires additional weekly coursework outside of the classroom.


INFORMATION

Jane Murtaugh, (630) 942-2821, murtaugh@cod.edu [murtaugh@cod.edu]

Paths Forward: Art, Science and Sustainable Futures

Get up close and personal with nature and investigate how artists and scientists
engage the natural world. Explore the earth’s vital systems and consider
creative ways to a sustainable future through the study of ecological concepts
and artistic principles. We will read, discuss, make art and explore in real
life—from local field trips to a weekend excursion in Colorado.

 * BIOLO-1110-FS002, Environmental Biology (Gen Ed: Bio Sci)—4 credits

Tuesday, noon to 3:50 p.m., in-person field trips. Colorado trip Thursday to
Monday, Sept. 21 to 25

Select one course for co-enrollment (VCM format):

 * ART-2217-FS002, Art and Nature—3 credits

Thursday, 1 to 2:50 p.m.

OR

 * ART-1823-FS002/FS003, Art Experiences in the U.S.—1 credit/3 credits

Thursday, 1 to 2:50 p.m.

Hybrid format requires additional weekly coursework outside of the classroom.

Internet access is required for fully online courses (NET) and virtual classroom
meetings (VCM). For more information, visit cod.edu/online
[/academics/online/index.aspx].


INFORMATION

 * Jackie Weaver, weaverj1376@cod.edu [weaverj1376@cod.edu]
 * Shamili Ajgaonkar, sandifor@cod.edu [sandifor@cod.edu]

Science, Society and Social Media: Using the Scientific Method to Enrich Your
Life

Can supplements help you lose weight? Why was there so much disagreement about
masking during the pandemic? Learn how to ask and answer scientific questions
like these—and earn a general education credit in biology. These courses meet at
the Naperville Center.

 * BIOLO-1100-LC025, Survey of Biology (Gen Ed: Bio Sci)—5 credits

Tuesday, 9 a.m. to 12:40 p.m. and Thursday, 10:20 a.m. to 12:40 p.m.

 * EDUCA-1116-LC025, Research in the Information Age—1 credit

Thursday, 9 to 10:15 a.m.


INFORMATION

 * Laura Burt-Nicholas, burt-nicholasl@cod.edu [burt-nicholasl@cod.edu]
 * Beth Shaffer-McCarthy, shaffer-mccarthye@cod.edu [shaffer-mccarthye@cod.edu]

Co-enrollment is required for all learning communities. Course meeting times are
subject to change. View classes
[https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses/Search?terms=2023FA&coursetypes=LC&SearchResultsView=1]

If you have not yet applied to take classes at College of DuPage, you will need
to apply for admission [/admission/index.aspx] before registering
[/registration/index.aspx]. 


CONTACT INFORMATION

James Allen
(630) 942-3421
Email: allenj@cod.edu [allenj@cod.edu]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/learning_communities/index.pcf]