https://www.cod.edu/student_life/leadership/edge/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students smiling at the camera [/_resources/img/hero/edgeprogram-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Leadership
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/leadership/]The Edge Program


THE EDGE PROGRAM

The Edge Program gives you a guide to exciting new experiences that compliment
your classroom learning. You can get an “edge” in five different areas: Academic
Drive, Arts Exploration, Career Preparation, Global Trek and Living Leadership.

As you participate in different experiences, they can be tracked using the
ChapLife system [https://cod.presence.io/organizations] (the online home of
Student Life at COD). You can work towards completing all experiences in one
Edge, a little from each Edge or create your own path!


Arts [/student_life/leadership/edge/images/arts_exploration.gif]ARTS EXPLORATION

Arts Exploration is designed for students interested in finding out about
performances, artists, and ways to be creative at the McAninch Arts Center
(MAC). The arts provide an outlet for expression, captures passion, and allows
exploration new ideas and cultures.

 * See world-class artists
 * Get involved by performing and/or taking classes
 * Create relationships with arts faculty and MAC staff
 * Volunteer
 * Help spread the news of what is happening at the MAC


Academic [/student_life/leadership/edge/images/academic_drive.gif]ACADEMIC DRIVE

Academic Drive is designed to develop the skills necessary for lifelong learning
through a wide range of learning opportunities across campus. Academic success
isn't limited to what happens in the classroom.

 * attend academic lectures and seminars
 * work with faculty and staff to set and meet educational goals
 * publish academic work
 * participate in campus workshops and webinars


Global [/student_life/leadership/edge/images/global_trek.gif]GLOBAL TREK

Global Trek is designed for students interested in exploring other cultures and
environments, either on campus or by traveling domestically or abroad. We
believe in and respect diversity in ideas, thoughts, cultures and people and
will encourage you on your path to heightened social consciousness and global
citizenry.

 * Discover ways to increase your global knowledge
 * Join a globally-focused club
 * Learn from professionals how your career field is influenced/influences
   globally
 * Participate in global events, service learning projects, and engage with
   international students
 * Earn college credit while travelling domestically or abroad


Leadership [/student_life/leadership/edge/images/living_leadership.gif]LIVING
LEADERSHIP

Living Leadership is designed for students interested in building their
leadership skills and confidence while actively participating in our vibrant
campus community. We believe everyone has the potential to be a leader, and
everyone can make a positive impact in their community.

 * Discover your talents through leadership workshops
 * Experience dynamic guest speakers
 * Participate in retreats & conferences
 * Create a personal leadership portfolio
 * Make a difference on campus, in the local community, and beyond


Career [/student_life/leadership/edge/images/career_preparation.gif]CAREER
PREPARATION

Career Preparation is designed to assist students in preparing for the work
force. Discover your career path and begin developing skills to market yourself
confidently.

 * Assess interests, skills, values and needs to prepare for marketable careers
 * Write resumes and other job search documents
 * Gain business and industry contacts
 * Develop strategies for successful transition into new employment

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Life [hernan4@cod.edu]
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 1217
(630) 942-2243

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/leadership/edge/index.pcf]