https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/stem/events/women-in-stem/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Image of chemistry professor with goggles on holding a beaker
[/_resources/img/hero/women-in-stem-mentorship-banner.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]STEM -
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/stem/]STEM Outreach Events
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/stem/events/]Women in Stem


WOMEN IN STEM MENTORSHIP PROGRAM

The Women in STEM Mentorship Program (WSMP) is a year-long program that pairs a
female COD STEM faculty member with a high school junior or senior who
identifies as female and is interested in STEM (Science, Technology,
Engineering, and Mathematics). 

The goals of this program are to:

 * Build relationships between mentors and mentees
 * Positively impact the social development and academic achievement of
   participating young women as they consider pursuing a STEM field at College
   of DuPage
 * Support and retain women in these programs by providing mentorship and
   networking before and during their educational pursuits at COD
 * Develop cohorts of women participating in this program who can build
   relationships and establish a network of colleagues to turn to for support as
   they continue their STEM careers.

For a list of our STEM disciplines available at COD, visit our STEM Division
website [/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx].

 

Participant Eligibility Recipient Obligations
Participant Eligibility

This is a competitive program which only accepts 10 participants per academic
year. Preference is given to high school juniors. If a student applies for their
junior year and is not accepted, they can reapply the following year. Interested
participants must meet the following eligibility requirements:

 * Identifies as female
 * Is a high school junior or senior during program year
 * Is interested in attending COD
 * Is interested in pursuing a STEM field
 * Can commit to a full year in the program (1-2 meetings monthly)
 * Lives within COD district 502
 * Has identified a high school STEM teacher who can recommend them for the
   program

Participants selected for this program will be matched with mentors based on
their interests and preferences specified in the application.

(Note: At this time, our program does not have mentors specific to the medical
field or pre-med tracks. If you are interested in medicine or pre-med as a
career path and are accepted into our program, you will be paired with a mentor
from a traditional STEM discipline.)

Recipient Obligations

Participants will meet 1-2 times each month with their mentor over the course of
the academic year. These meetings will take place virtually or in person.
Monthly meetings will focus on a variety of topics, including: career
exploration, student life, challenges in the field, college exploration, and
outreach.

Participants will be expected to follow the guidelines outlined in the Mentee
Welcome Packet provided upon acceptance in the program. They may also be asked
to complete program reflections and participate in brief, periodic program
evaluations.


HOW TO APPLY

Applications for the 2023/2024 school year are closed. 


OPPORTUNITY FOR FINANCIAL AWARD

Participants who actively participate in the full mentorship program (1 year)
and attend COD within 2 years of completing the program may be eligible to apply
for a Financial Award ($1,000) to help support their studies at COD.


FINANCIAL AWARD FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

If I participate in WSMP for 2 years, do I get $2,000?

No, the financial award is a one-time, $1,000 award, per individual, regardless
of whether you participate in one or two years of the program.

How do I receive the $1,000?

After completing the Financial Award form, the money will be added to your
student account.

If I don’t use all $1,000, does the rest get refunded to me?

No. The money will remain on your student account until it is used or until you
are no longer a student at COD.

How do I use this for books/supplies?

If you have additional funds in excess of your tuition and fees, you may be
eligible to purchase your books at our campus Bookstore during our Bookstore
Dates. Please complete the Bookstore Authorization Form in the student portal
before purchasing. You can also view the amount of funds you have available to
use in the bookstore in the portal. Please provide your student ID number to the
bookstore cashier to charge your purchase to these funds.

Does this expire? What if I don’t use it right away, but later return to COD in
a year or two?

You have two years from when you completed your first year of the program to
request your award. For example, if you were a mentee during the 2023/2024
school year, then you would have until the 2025/2026 school year to receive the
award.

Can this award be applied to expenses not related to COD?

Unfortunately, no. This award is strictly for use to cover expenses related to
completing coursework at College of DuPage.

 

How do I get a COD ID number? Do I have to pay the $20 application fee to apply
to COD?

If you do not have a student ID number yet, you need to apply to COD
[/admission/traditional/index.aspx] as an incoming student. There is a $20
application fee per application unless you qualify for an application fee waiver
[/admission/fee-waiver.aspx].


CONTACT INFORMATION

STEM Outreach Coordinator [mccubbinss@cod.edu]
Institutional Resource Center (IRC), Room 1062, (630) 942-3021


THE WOMEN IN STEM MENTORSHIP PROGRAM

female science faculty member giving demo
[/_resources/img/video/women-stem-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/w0FuMWMqe8c?rel=0

The Women in STEM Mentorship Program (WSMP) is a year-long program that pairs a
female COD STEM faculty member with a high school junior or senior who
identifies as female and is interested in STEM (Science, Technology,
Engineering, and Mathematics).

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/stem/events/women-in-stem/index.pcf]