https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/info.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


COSTA RICA TRAVEL INFORMATION

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Field and
Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/]Summer Language
Study Abroad
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/]Costa
Rica
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/]Costa
Rica Travel Information
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Costa Rica Travel Information
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/info.aspx]
 * Financial Aid & Scholarships
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
 * Application & Forms
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]
 * Costa Rica Slide Presentation
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/pdf/presentation_costa_rica.pdf]

The program is open to anyone who has a strong interest in immersing themselves
in another culture. Qualified high school students 18 and older may be accepted
into the program. Community members are welcome.


ORIENTATION

A mandatory pre-departure orientation will be held at College of DuPage. This
typically occurs on a Saturday in May.


LANGUAGE CLASSES

All students are required to enroll in a Spanish Language class. Classes will
accommodate students at any level: Elementary I and II, Intermediate I and II,
Advanced I and II, and Heritage Speakers I and II. Prior to the beginning of
classes, all students will be tested and placed at the appropriate level.
Changes can be made if a student progresses at a faster rate or shows different
learning needs.


CIVILIZATION AND CULTURE OF COSTA RICA

All students are required to enroll in this class which covers geography,
history, political and social institutions, and the art and architecture of
Costa Rica. This class first meets at the mandatory orientation session.

In Costa Rica, the course will continue with guided cultural excursions to
theaters, museums and other places of interest that are integral components of
this class, and therefore, attendance is required. Written assignment are
required.


PROGRAM DIRECTORS/FACULTY

All language classes will be taught by instructors from the language school in
Costa Rica.

The Civilization and Culture of Costa Rica class will be team-taught in Spanish
and English by COD Program Directors/Faculty who are available daily, in Costa
Rica, to counsel, supervise and assist students.


DIRECTOR

Sibyl Gallus-Price is an adjunct Spanish faculty member where she recently
received an Outstanding Faculty Award. She holds an M.A. in Hispanic Languages
and Literature from Stony Brook University and is currently a Ph.D. candidate in
English at UIC with a concentration in Latin American and American literature.
Her studies have led her to work with Portuguese, Italian, and French and her
scholarly interests to consider writing’s relation to the visual arts. As a
teacher and a scholar, she advocates for art and multilingualism. She believes
that not only do they broaden our cultural horizons but that together they
expand our conceptual worlds. She spent a semester abroad at the University of
Madrid as an undergraduate and has traveled through Europe, Latin America, and
North Africa. In her spare time, Sibyl enjoys cooking, spending time with family
and friends, community gardening, keeping urban chickens, relaxing with her
dogs, and dancing whenever possible.


CREDITS

Upon successful completion of classes, students will receive credit for
Elementary, Intermediate, Advanced, or Heritage Speaker Spanish (3-4 semester
credit hours) depending on placement and Civilization and Culture of Costa Rica
(3 semester credit hours.)

All non-COD students are advised to verify course enrollment/credit with their
home school before enrolling in the program.


HOUSING AND MEALS

Students will be housed in carefully selected Costa Rican homes in double
occupancy rooms. They will be provided with breakfast, dinner and laundry
service during the home stay. This arrangement provides the opportunity for the
student to continue practicing Spanish and to share the everyday life of the
"ticos". Except in remote areas, the water in Costa Rica is drinkable. The homes
are near public transportation. Lunch is not provided but there are many
excellent places to eat near the language school.


ACTIVITIES AND EXCURSIONS

Activities specified in the program schedule are included in the price of the
program.


OPTIONAL EXCURSIONS

Information will be provided on a variety of optional excursions that are not
included in the price of the program. These may include: Rain Forest Aerial
Tram, Island Cruise, 2-day Monteverde Cloud Forest and 2-day Tortuguero National
Park.


PROGRAM COST

The program cost includes: round-trip airfare from Chicago, airport transports
in Costa Rica, homestay with two meals per day, and excursion as listed in
course materials.

Not included in the program cost: tuition for 6-7 credit hours, passport fees,
visa fees (for non-US citizens), optional excursions, personal expenses, some
meals, telephone calls, the Costa Rican departure tax and checked baggage fees.

Program fees may be subject to change due to increased costs of transportation
or currency fluctuations that are beyond the control of the College.


LATE APPLICANTS

We welcome students beyond the application deadline, space permitting.
Additional charges may apply.


PASSPORT

Each participant must have a valid passport that does not expire for at least 6
months after the anticipated return date to the U.S. Participants are
responsible for obtaining their own passports. As passports can take substantial
time to obtain, apply for it as soon as possible. Information can be obtained at
travel.state.gov/passport [http://travel.state.gov/passport/]


VISA

U.S. citizens do not need a visa to travel to Costa Rica. Non-U.S. citizens may
need a Visa.


IMMUNIZATIONS

No special immunizations are required for travel to Costa Rica. However, it is
wise to have an up-to-date tetanus inoculation. Each participant should check
with his/her physician for information regarding personal health needs. COVID-19
vaccination may be required by in-country providers.


INSURANCE

All participants are required to have medical insurance, which is valid outside
the United States. Trip cancellation insurance can also be purchased to provide
protection against cancellations and lost or damaged baggage.


LIABILITY RELEASE AND ASSUMPTION OF RISK FORM

Participants in all Field and Experiential Learning/Study Abroad programs must
complete the Liability Release and Assumption of Risk form
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/pdf/libility-release-form.pdf].


CANCELLATION/REFUND POLICY

In the event that the participant withdraws from the program, the right to a
refund is limited.

All cancellations and refund requests must be made in writing and sent to:

College of DuPage Field and Interdisciplinary Studies/Study Abroad
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
425 Fawell Blvd
Glen Ellyn, IL 60137-6599


CONTACT INFORMATION

Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
General inquiries: (630) 942-2356
Email: fssa@cod.edu [fssa@cod.edu]
Additional Contact Information
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/contact.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/costarica/info.pcf]