https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/probation-student.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Red heart with the words "support" on the heart
[/_resources/img/hero/counseling-probation-hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Counseling, Advising and Transfer
Services [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/counseling/]Academic
Advising
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/]Academic
Probation or Suspension Student


ACADEMIC PROBATION OR SUSPENSION STUDENT

If you are placed on academic probation or academic suspension, Counseling,
Advising and Transfer Services can provide you with a variety of resources and
strategies to help get you back on track.

Academic Probation

To maintain satisfactory academic status, students must maintain a cumulative
College of DuPage grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 or above to avoid being
placed on academic probation. Failure to do so will result in consequences to
academic status, federal funding and enrollment eligibility per the Standards of
Academic Progress (SOAP). [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/soap.pdf]

Students who have not met Standards of Academic Progress will be informed via
letter to their address on file that a hold has been placed on their
registration. 

Upon receiving the letter, students should immediately contact Counseling,
Advising and Transfer Services to schedule an appointment to attend a Standards
of Academic Progress (SOAP) session which will allow students to:

 * Learn more about the impacts of not meeting Standards of Academic Progress.
 * Complete a Success Agreement with a Counselor.
 * Learn to calculate your grade point average
   [https://itransfer.org/gpa/calculator.php]. 
 * Develop success strategies to improve their GPA.
 * Develop an education plan for upcoming semester(s).
 * Receive a permit to register for the following semester.

Academic Suspension

Once you are placed on academic suspension, you will need to be considered for
reinstatement after completing your probation.


ACADEMIC SUSPENSION I

Students are placed on Suspension I after serving one semester on Probation II
with a cumulative and semester grade point average less than a 2.0/4.0. When
final grades are posted after the Probation II semester, a student will be
withdrawn from current semester courses and issued a refund. The Suspension I
status will be in effect for one fall or spring semester following Probation II.
A registration restriction will remain on the student's record until the
cumulative grade point average reaches a 2.0 or higher. Students will be
restored to good standing once their cumulative grade point average is a 2.0 or
higher.


ACADEMIC SUSPENSION II

Students are placed on Suspension II after serving one semester on Suspension I
with a cumulative and semester grade point average less than a 2.0/4.0. When
final grades are posted after the Suspension I semester, a student will be
withdrawn from current semester courses and issued a refund. The Suspension II
status will be in effect for 12 consecutive months. A registration restriction
will remain on the student's record until the cumulative grade point average
reaches a 2.0 or higher. Students will be restored to good standing once their
cumulative grade point average is a 2.0 or higher.

Academic Reinstatement

Students will be considered for Academic Reinstatement following their
reinstatement from Suspension I and/or II statuses. Once reinstated, course
selection will be restricted and no future registration can occur until
reinstatement has been approved.

In the semesters following academic reinstatement, if the semester grade point
average is 2.00 or above, a student will be placed on continued suspension
status until the cumulative grade point average meets the minimum of 2.00. If
the semester GPA is below 2.00 and the cumulative GPA is below 2.00, the student
again will be suspended. Academic warning, probation and suspension notations
are recorded on the student's academic record, but not printed on the official
transcript.

To pursue an appeal to request reinstatement from an Academic Suspension,
complete and sign both of the following forms, and return via email to
SOAP@cod.edu. Note a decision of approval is not guaranteed.

 * Checklist for Seeking Reinstatement from Academic Suspension
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/checklist_for_reinstatement_fillable.pdf]
 * Application for Reinstatement from Suspension 
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/application_for_reinstatement_fillable.pdf]

Student Success Resources
 * A variety of academic support services are available in-person and online
   through the Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx].
   Receive math, writing, reading or speech assistance or sign up for tutoring
   services.
 * These student success resources
   [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/student-success-resources.aspx] can
   help you set a schedule, stay organized, adopt new strategies for taking
   tests and more.
 * College Skills classes [/student_life/resources/counseling/events/index.aspx]
   can help first-year, undecided or probation students gain skills needed to
   succeed in college while earning two college credits. 

Make an Appointment

Call the Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services front desk at (630)
942-2259.

 * You will receive instructions on how to complete your next steps.
 * Do not use the online booking system to schedule your appointment. This will
   result in your appointment being canceled.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
Phone: (630) 942-2259
Ask a counselor or program advisor a quick question [Counseling@cod.edu]. 

 * Main Campus Regular Hours:
   * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
   * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 * COD Centers Hours
   [https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/centers/hours.aspx]

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@counselingadvisingcod [https://instagram.com/counselingadvisingcod]

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codtransferservices [https://www.instagram.com/codtransferservices/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcounselingadvising [https://www.facebook.com/CoDCounselingAdvising]





 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/probation-student.pcf]