https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/autotech/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Automotive Technology students looking at monitor
[/_resources/img/hero/automotiveservicetechnology-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Automotive Technology Program


AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

The Automotive Service Technology program provides fundamental advanced
education and hands-on experience in automotive system operation, diagnosis and
repair of passenger cars, SUVs and light trucks. Students will develop skills
through automotive service courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/auto/]
like engine design and operation, suspension systems, automotive electrical
systems, transmissions, emissions and hybrid vehicle technology.

Certificate and associate degree programs
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/] are
available to help you feel prepare to enter the workforce or transfer to a
four-year institution to complete a bachelor's degree. Several advanced-level
automotive courses [/academics/programs/autotech/training.aspx] are offered for
professionals currently in the automotive service technology field including
Automotive Body Electricity, Advanced Automotive Drivetrains, Advanced Chassis,
Automotive Hybrid Technology, Auto Scantools Usage and Exploration and Intro to
Diesel Fuel Systems and Emissions.

The program has a master accreditation from the Automotive Service Excellence
(ASE) Education Foundation. Instructors are ASE Master certified. This
certification ensures that students will be trained in the skills and knowledge
necessary to pass the Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) exams and become
certified technicians.

Automotive service technology classes are held in the Technical Education Center
[/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/full-campus-map.aspx](TEC) located
off of the southwest corner of the intersection of Lambert Road and Fawell Blvd
(22nd St.) on the College of DuPage Glen Ellyn campus. The TEC occupies over
29,000 square feet with a 34 bay shops and four dedicated classrooms available
to provide education and practice on automotive systems. Tours can be arranged
by contacting the program advisor [/academics/programs/autotech/contact.aspx] or
one of the automotive instructors.

There are uniform and tool requirements
[/academics/programs/autotech/pdf/tools.pdf] as part of the program. For
additional information, refer to the automotive informational packet
[/academics/programs/autotech/pdf/advising-information-packet.pdf]. Due to the
popularity of automotive courses and the limited number of seats available,
students are encouraged to apply and register for classes as soon as possible.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Find employment as an automotive service technician or mechanic, automotive
specialty technician, master mechanic, automotive salesperson and service
consultant or advisor. 

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in automotive service, planning to
transfer or updating your skills, College of DuPage has the right program for
you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/autotech/contact.aspx] with years
   of practical industry experience, certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening, weekend and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Automotive training that is master certified by Automotive Service Excellence
   (ASE) Education Foundation and instructors that are ASE Master certified.

Degrees


MASTER AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE TECHNOLOGY

The Master Automotive Service Technology, Associate of Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/master-automotive-service-technology-aas/]
degree program prepares students for successful entry into the automotive repair
industry or easy transfer to a four-year university.

Students in this program are required to complete 67 credits of coursework,
which includes 15 occupational automotive classes, one approved automotive
elective, and required general education classes. Additional Automotive elective
courses are available for those students wishing to broaden their knowledge,
skills, and experience for an occupational edge over the competition.

Certificates


ENTRY LEVEL AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE TECHNOLOGY

The Entry Level Automotive Service Technology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/entry-level-automotive-service-technology-certificate/]
is designed to prepare students for an entry-level career in the automotive
field. Students will learn foundational knowledge and skills in order to
diagnose, service, and maintain today's sophisticated vehicles.

Upon successful completion of the program students will be prepared to take
several of the Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) Tests. The Automotive Service
Technology Program is accredited by the Automotive Service Excellence Education
Foundation (ASEEF). 


MASTER AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE TECHNOLOGY ADVANCED

The Master Automotive Service Technology Advanced certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/master-automotive-service-technology-certificate/]
program is designed to prepare students for a career in the automotive field.
Students will learn both foundational and advanced automotive systems in order
to diagnose, service, and maintain today's sophisticated vehicles.

Upon successful completion of the program students will be prepared to take
Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) Tests. The Automotive Service Technology
Program is accredited by Automotive Service Excellence Education Foundation
(ASEEF).


AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE MANAGEMENT

In the Automotive Service Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/automotive-service-management-certificate/]
program, automotive service manager and service advisor skills will be
emphasized. Repair orders will be covered in detail, including how to calculate
labor, parts and other fees.

Proper terminology and best practice for writing a work order will be covered,
along with customer service skills including communication, service consulting,
customer relations and making the sale. Safety compliance, employee management,
expenses and general shop management will also be covered.




GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in automotive service technology is to apply
for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Master Automotive Service Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/master-automotive-service-technology-aas/]
 * Automotive Service Management, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/automotive-service-management-certificate/]
 * Entry Level Automotive Service Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/entry-level-automotive-service-technology-certificate/]
 * Master Automotive Service Technology Advanced Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/automotive-service-technology/master-automotive-service-technology-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Automotive Service Technology Program graduates will:

 * Show shop safety practices and awareness of environmental concerns related to
   the industry.
 * Demonstrate technical knowledge, understanding, and skills for applied tasks
   of ASEEF Program Accreditation.
 * Apply the principles of engineering, mathematics, and science to analyze and
   diagnose electrical, hydraulic, and mechanical concerns in automotive
   applications.
 * Demonstrate computer knowledge and skills to research, report, and present
   industry related data.
 * Apply critical thinking skills in technical problem solving.
 * Understand the need for, and engagement in, self-directed continuing
   professional development.
 * Demonstrate proficiency in the use of Industry approved diagnostic equipment
   to analyze and diagnose vehicle systems.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several automotive service technology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/automotive-service-technology.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


COD STORIES

Ben Pohl [/about/stories/students/images/ben_pohl.jpg]

"I am probably the biggest advocate of COD that you will ever meet. Once I
joined the program, there was not even one day that I was not excited about
going to my classes. ” - Ben Pohl

Ben's COD Story [/about/stories/students/pohl.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jennifer Falada [/about/stories/students/images/jennifer_falada.jpg]

"The education I received at COD was a great stepping stone for my career, and
COD can also be a great stepping stone for transferring to a university.” -
Jennifer Falada

Jennifer's COD Story [/about/stories/students/falada.aspx]


COD STORIES

Greg Romero [/about/stories/students/images/gregory_romero.jpg]

“COD is top-notch with an amazing atmosphere that is second to none. Everyone
there is willing to help you as much as possible, and with the number of
resources they have available, it always helps to make college life just a
little bit easier.” - Greg Romero

Greg's COD Story [/about/stories/students/romero.aspx]


COD STORIES

Richard Dietzler [/about/stories/students/images/richard_dietzler.jpg]

“You would be surprised how many companies have respect for this college. Learn
as much as you can and do not hesitate to ask questions. Equally important is to
network, network, network! You never know who could be hiring you upon
graduation.” - Richard Dietzler

Richard's COD Story [/about/stories/students/dietzler.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bob Fouts [/about/stories/students/images/bob_fouts.jpg]

"I strongly recommend the Automotive Service program at COD as I believe it is
one of the best values in this industry anywhere." - Bob Fouts

Bob's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fouts.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Automotive Service
Technology program.

What is the difference between an Associate of Applied Science and Certificate
of Completion?

The Associate of Applied Science is a college degree that requires taking both
occupational classes (automotive) and general education classes such as English,
speech, math, physical/life sciences, humanities and social sciences.

The Entry Level Automotive Service Technology and Master Automotive Service
Technology certificate requires only taking occupational classes
(automotive).The Master Automotive Service Technology certificate requires only
taking occupational classes (automotive).

For information on placement testing and prerequisites, visit advising
information [/academics/programs/autotech/advising.aspx].

What does it cost to complete the Automotive Program at College of DuPage?

Cost varies according to program. Visit Tuition and Fees for the current tuition
rate. [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]

Entry Level Automotive Service Technology Certificate 
34 credits

 * Books: $1,000
 * Lab Fees: $520 - $550
 * Tools: $650 - $2,000

Master Automotive Service Technology Advanced Certificate 
50 credits

 * Books: $1,500
 * Lab Fees: : $770 - $825
 * Tools: $650 - $2,000

Master Automotive Service Technology AAS 
64-68 Credits

 * Books: $1,650
 * Lab Fees: $770 - $825
 * Tools: $650 - $2,000

How do I get started?

Complete an online application [/admission/index.aspx]. Be sure to code yourself
correctly when you complete the application:

 * AUTO.CER.ENTRY for Entry Level Automotive Service Technology, Certificate 
 * AUTO.CER.SERV for Automotive Service Management, Certificate
 * AUTO.AAS.MSTR Master Automotive Service Technology, Associate of Applied
   Science.

If you have not taken the ACT, SAT or the TOEFL then you must take a reading
placement test. If you have coded yourself as AUTO.CER.ENTRY, then you need to
take the math and written English placement test.

After you have completed your placement tests
[/academics/programs/autotech/advising.aspx], you can register for classes. You
need to pay your tuition to secure your seat for the semester. Students should
take any 1100 series class to start: Auto 1100, Auto 1110, Auto 1120, Auto 1131,
or Auto 1140. There should be an emphasis on taking the Auto 1131 (Basic
Automotive Electricity and Electronics) class as soon as possible as it is a
prerequisite for more than half of automotive classes.

If the automotive classes are full, can I receive a permit slip from the
instructor to get into class? How do I then get started?

If classes are full, you can sign-up for the wait list for a course in myACCESS
[https://myaccess.cod.edu/], which will send email notification of an open seat.
The Automotive Service Technology program has a policy that no permit or
overload slips will be issued. This policy is based on quality of instruction,
equipment and lab safety.

The registration system is based on the number of credit hours earned. The more
credit hours a student has earned the sooner the registration date for that
student. It is recommended if you are:

 * Pursuing an Associate in Applied Science: Take general education classes. For
   advice on which classes to take, contact an automotive instructor.
 * Pursing a certificate: Take a class that is related to automotive technology,
   such as welding.

For information on what to do if your classes are full, visit advising
information [/academics/programs/autotech/advising.aspx].

Does the Automotive Service Technology program offer classes in auto body
repair, motorcycle repair training or small engine repair?

College of DuPage has offers non-credit auto body courses through the Continuing
Education Department [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]. The college
does have aa cooperative agreement with Waubonsee Community College in Sugar
Grove for credit classes in auto body. Contact Admissions
[/admission/index.aspx] for more information.

Motorcycle repair training is not offered at COD. There are only a few
motorcycle repair training programs in existence. Most are in southern and
western states.

If you are interested in taking classes in small engine repair like mowers, leaf
blowers, trimmers, contact the Horticulture program
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hort/].

Does the Automotive Service Technology program work on cars from the general
public or take donated cars?

The Automotive Service Technology program only works on College of DuPage
employee vehicles [/academics/programs/autotech/vehicle-repair-request.aspx],
excluding student workers. Out of respect for the employers of our students,
board policy, and insurance we do not work on cars from the general public. If
you have a car that you would like to donate that is ideally built within the
last 12 years to add to our educational fleet, contact Joe Aranki
[arankij@cod.edu?subject=] for further details. COD does not sell donated cars
that have been repaired.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
gear icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/career-and-technical.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_5

Career and Technical



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Automotive Program [/academics/programs/autotech/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/autotech/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/autotech/index.pcf]