https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/arts/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student painting sculpture
[/_resources/img/hero/inside-student-painting-ceramics.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Art Program


ART PROGRAM

The Art program at College of DuPage provides a foundation for students wishing
to pursue a degree in visual arts. Students can take advantage of a wide range
of course offerings in studio art and art history, state-of the-art studio
spaces and equipment, as well as transfer opportunities with top fine arts
programs.

Art courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/art/] may serve as personal
enrichment, satisfy a general education requirement, or be the first step toward
a career in freelance artwork, art teaching, art criticism, curatorial studies,
art gallery direction, museum work or design and illustration.

Potential art transfer degree-seeking students should take the period courses in
global art history, ART 2211, 2212 and 2213 and begin with the studio sequences
of ART1101 Drawing 1, ART2201 Life Drawing, ART1151 2D Foundations and ART1152
3D Foundations during their first year at COD.

Students not majoring in art who are interested in a lecture-based or field
studies approaches to the principles, processes and history of art can take
ART1100 Introduction to the Visual Arts, a course that satisfies general
education degree requirements. Those who are interested in an introduction to
working with studio art materials may select ART 1105 Introduction to Studio
Art.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

COD offers foundational art courses and a variety of advanced courses in art
history, ceramics, design, digital media, drawing, metalworking, painting,
printmaking, sculpture and time-based media.

Why CODDegreesCourses
Why COD

You want to attend a college that stands out from the rest. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/arts/contact.aspx ] with years of
   professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing professional on-campus art galleries
   [/galleries/index.aspx], equipment and resources.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention from
   instructors.
 * National Association of Schools of Art and Design (NASAD) accreditation.
 * Accredited distance learning programs due to several flexible learning
   options for students, including face-to-face, hybrid, virtual classroom
   meetings and online-only classes.
 * Articulated transfer program with several prestigious institutions.
 * Opportunity to study outside of the classroom through immersive field study
   trips [/academics/programs/arts/art-field-study/index.aspx] to iconic
   locations like New York City, the Southwest, New England, Mexico City,
   Barcelona and the Greater Chicago Area.
 * Extracurricular opportunities for exploration of the visual arts.
 * Exposure to locally, nationally and internationally acclaimed artists through
   the Visiting Artist Series.
 * Access to free resources including Adobe CC, media labs, Kanopy streaming
   services and free admission to the Art Institute of Chicago.

Degrees


ASSOCIATE IN FINE ARTS

The Associate in Fine Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-fine-arts-degree-art/]
degree is designed for students wishing to transfer into four-year programs with
a major in studio art, often leading to a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree or a
degree in Art Education.


ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-arts-degree/]
degree is designed for students planning to pursue a Liberal Arts degree
focusing on either art history or studio art, leading to transfer into a
Bachelor of Arts degree.

Courses

The Art course catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/art/] has classes
for every interest including art history, ceramics, design, digital media,
drawing, metalworking, painting, printmaking, sculpture and time-based media.



In ART2281 Time-Based Media, students will develop a broader vocabulary in this
4D area through creation of work in experimental sound editing, video, video
mapping, projection, performance and installation.


COD STORIES

Mariam Pare [/about/stories/students/images/mariam_pare.jpg]

"Everyone was so helpful. There were people who went to my classes with me,
carried my books and set up my art materials. COD taught me that even if I can’t
physically do it, it was still my art if I can direct someone to do it." -Mariam
Paré

Mariam's COD Story [/about/stories/students/pare.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jason Mack [/about/stories/students/images/jason_mack.jpg]

"College of DuPage is fantastic place to begin your art career. I always
recommend students try out as many different mediums and processes as possible.
You never know what might click and stick with you the rest of your life." -
Jason Mack

Jason's COD Story [/about/stories/students/mack.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kimberly Kuba Rodey [/about/stories/students/images/kimberly_rodey.jpg]

"COD helped me toward achieving my dream of becoming an art teacher, but it also
helped me learn what I needed to do to and what it took to succeed in college."
- Kimberly Kuba Rodey

Kimberly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/rodey.aspx]


COD STORIES

Tony Fitzpatrick [/about/stories/students/images/tony_fitzpatrick.jpg]

“College of DuPage has the right combination of education, willpower and talent.
It was the place where I set my compass, where I realized I could be a working
artist.” - Tony Fitzpatrick

Tony's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fitzpatrick.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bethany Berg [/about/stories/students/images/bethany_berg.jpg]

“Learning about art is like looking through a kaleidoscope: With each new thing
you learn, your perspective changes and everything shifts.” - Bethany Berg

Bethany's COD Story [/about/stories/students/berg.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in art is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-arts-degree/]
 * Associate in Fine Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-fine-arts-degree-art/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in Art will:


DEVELOP VISUAL LITERACY (LOOKING AT/THINKING ABOUT ART)

 * Explain the relationship between form, content, and meaning in works of art
 * Develop formal language for writing and speaking about art
 * Research cultural, historical, and contemporary images and texts
 * Critically analyze images, objects, and spaces
 * Apply elements and principles of design effectively


KNOWLEDGE OF MATERIALS AND METHODS (MAKING ART)

 * Demonstrate proficiency with tools and processes in one or more media
 * Investigate, experiment, and manipulate one or more media in the realization
   of work
 * Create a portfolio for transfer or other applications




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several art transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/art.aspx] in place with four-year colleges and
universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


ART STUDENTS INSIDE AND OUTSIDE THE CLASSROOM

students drawing in nature [/_resources/img/slider/art-outdoor-class.jpg]

Students work on their drawings as the classroom is brought outside.

Student working on ceramics [/_resources/img/slider/art-student-ceramics.jpg]

Student Marie Flynn turns her ceramics mold into a work of art.

Student working with teacher on creating jewelry
[/_resources/img/slider/art-student-jewelry.jpg]

Art professor Kathy Baum assists a student in a jewelry making class.

Two students working on a painting
[/_resources/img/slider/art-students-classroom-painting.jpg]

A peek inside the classroom as two students collaborate on a painting.

Students painting a mural
[/_resources/img/news-story/outside-art-students-mural.jpg]

COD art students paint mural to reflect sustainable environment on campus.


STUDENT WORK

Drawing of pillows [/_resources/img/slider/art-drawing.jpg]

Drawing by Maggie Reynolds from an ART1101 Drawing 1 class.

Jewelry with bead [/_resources/img/slider/jewelry-making-evelina.jpg]

Jewelry created by student Denise Peterson from Aleksandra Vali's Introduction
to Jewelry class.

Art ceramic sculpture [/_resources/img/slider/art-ceramic-sculpture.jpg]

Ceramic sculpture created by student Saima Mussani from Marina Kuchinski's Art
1140 Introduction to Ceramics class.

sculptures on the wall from art class
[/_resources/img/slider/art-cone-sculptures.jpg]

Cone-shaped sculptures created by student Madelene Przybysz from Mara Baker's
ART 1152 3D Foundation Studio class.

Students working on lighting in art class
[/_resources/img/slider/art-honors-video-installation.jpg]

Video installation by Beth Berg for Jackie Weaver's ART2282 Time Based Media 2
class.


ART CLASSROOMS

Art Studio Space [/_resources/img/slider/art-studio-space.jpg]

Studio Space in the McAninch Art Center overlooking DeShane Pond.

Art Ceramics Room [/_resources/img/slider/art-ceramics.jpg]

Ceramics studio, equipped with three gas kilns, seven electric kilns, an outdoor
wood fire and raku fire kiln, 18 wheels, two slab rollers, a state-of-the-art
glaze mixing rooms and installation space.

Art Woodshop Room [/_resources/img/slider/art-woodshop.jpg]

Sculpture studio with fully equipped woodshop, plaster room and installation
space.

Art Printmaking Studio [/_resources/img/slider/art-printmaking.jpg]

Printmaking Studio

Art studio space overlooking pond
[/_resources/img/slider/art-studio-space-classroom.jpg]

Digital Art Studio equipped with student Macbooks and Epson projectors for each
student.


ART GALLERIES ON CAMPUS

With three separate galleries on campus, students will have access to a variety
of well known exhibitions. Past exhibits include Frida Kahlo, as well as iconic
work from the collection by artists like Andy Warhol, Kiki Smith, Jeff Koons,
Jenny Holzer, Kehinde Wiley, Olafur Eliason, Sanford Biggers, Maya Lin and Sol
Lewitt.

Cleve Carney Museum of Art

TheCleve Carney Museum of Art [https://theccma.org/]offers visual art
exhibitions showcasing art by regional, national and international artists.

Students will also feel inspired by works from the College of DuPage's Permanent
Art Collection [https://theccma.org/collection-1-1], which includes:

 * More than 720 individual artworks are displayed across campus
 * 69 pieces in the William E. Gahlberg Native American Contemporary Art
   Collection
 * More than 100 Ecuadorian masks
 * 17 World War II posters in the Library Collection

Exhibition experience is available through the Wings Gallery and Techcetera
Design Gallery.

Frida Kahlo Painting [/_resources/img/slider/frida-mouth-foot-artist.jpg]

Photo provided by courtesy of the Association of Mouth and Foot Painting Artists
Worldwide and completed by former student Mariam Paré.

Wings Student Art Gallery

Wings Student Art Gallery [https://www.theccma.org/student-galleries]offers
students an opportunity to exhibit their work and to learn and practice aspects
of curation and professional gallery operation.

Wings Gallery [/_resources/img/slider/wings-gallery.jpg]
Techcetera Design Gallery

COD technical students can feature their work throughout the Techcetera Gallery.
The gallery helps celebrate the interdependence of technology, media and design.

Techcetera Design Gallery [/_resources/img/slider/techcetera-gallery.jpg]


VISITING ARTIST SERIES

College of DuPage Visiting Artist Series provides opportunities for the
community to interact with leaders in the field of contemporary art, design and
culture. Through lectures, conversations and workshops, a diverse range of art
professionals provide students with new perspectives on contemporary artistic
practices.

Past artists include Nick Cave, Trevor Paglen, Mary Mattingly, Edra Soto, Jenny
Kendler, Amanda Williams, Faheem Majeed. The series is a collaboration between
the Cleve Carney Museum of Art and the Fine Arts, Architecture and Photography
programs. All lectures are free and open to the public. Visit theccma.org
[https://www.theccma.org/speaker-schedule-and-viewing-room] for updated artists,
times and locations.




COMMUNITY ARTIST IN RESIDENCE PROGRAM

The Community Artist in Residence (CAIR) program grew out of the Visiting Artist
Series as a way to provide students with an extended experience working with
professional artists over a period of several week, as they create a
community-minded project with the artist-in-residence. See how Dustin Hunt works
with COD art student sin the creation of two murals.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FOLLOW THE ART PROGRAM ON INSTAGRAM

Follow @art.at.cod [https://www.instagram.com/art.at.cod/] on Instagram to see
student work and stay updated on art department news and opportunities.

 * Instagram
   [/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
   @art.at.cod [https://www.instagram.com/art.at.cod/]

 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Art Program [/academics/programs/arts/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/arts/current-students.aspx]



Art Field StudyFind a Class or Trip
[/academics/programs/arts/art-field-study/index.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/arts/index.pcf]