https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/respiratory-care/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Respiratory Care student in lab
[/_resources/img/hero/respiratorycare-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Respiratory Care Program


RESPIRATORY CARE PROGRAM

The Respiratory Care Associate in Applied Science degree program prepares
students to provide management of respiratory care to patients in hospitals,
intensive care units, emergency rooms and diagnostic laboratories. 

The full-time, two year-program includes classroom instruction and clinical
practice two days a week at local hospital affiliates. Students studying
respiratory care courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/resp/] learn
diagnostic, therapeutic, and technological arts applicable to adults, infants,
and children.

Through knowledge, skills, and behavior, the Respiratory Care Program prepares
students for a career as a registered respiratory therapist (RRT). RRTs are able
to provide basic cardiopulmonary support, from emergency oxygen administration
to management of sophisticated computerized life-support.

Upon successful completion of the program, students are eligible to take the
following certification exams administered by the National Board for Respiratory
Care:

 * Certified Respiratory Therapist (CRT)
 * Registered Respiratory Therapist (RRT)

Students who earn the Certified Respiratory Therapist (CRT) credential may apply
for a Respiratory Care Practitioner license in the State of Illinois. If you
intend to seek licensure outside of Illinois after finishing your program, visit
professional licensure disclosure
[/academics/programs/respiratory-care/professional-license-disclosure.aspx] to
learn more.


ADMISSION INFORMATION

This program requires a separate admission process in addition to acceptance to
College of DuPage. Prospective students must follow specific admission criteria
before being admitted into the program by following the admission checklist
located in the Respiratory Care Admissions Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/resp_care.pdf].

Email program chair Barb Coe [coebarb@cod.edu] (coebarb@cod.edu
[coebarb@cod.edu]) to schedule advising session appointment.

 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Respiratory therapists work in clinical and hospital settings, home care
environments, intensive care units, emergency rooms, diagnostic laboratories and
skilled patient care centers. Visit the American Association for Respiratory
Care [https://be-an-rt.org/why-be-an-rt/] or watch a video
[https://youtu.be/1llD6HIwTGI] to learn what it's like to be a respiratory
therapist.

Why CODDegreesProgram Accreditation
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest and gives
you the best chance at securing a career after graduation. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities and equipment in the Health and
   Science Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx] (HSC).

Degrees


RESPIRATORY CARE

The Respiratory Care Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/respiratory-care/respiratory-care-aas/]
degree program prepares eligible students to provide management of respiratory
care to patients seen in hospitals, intensive care units, emergency rooms, and
diagnostic laboratories.

Instructors educate students in diagnostic, therapeutic, and technologic arts as
applied to the adult, neonatal, and pediatric patient.

Upon successful completion of the program, students are eligible to take the
following certification exams administered by the National Board for Respiratory
Care: Certified Respiratory Therapist (CRT) and Registered Respiratory Therapist
(RRT). Students who earn the Certified Respiratory Therapist (CRT) credential
may apply for a Respiratory Care Practitioner license in the State of Illinois.

Program Accreditation

The two-year entry into Respiratory Care Professional program is accredited by
the Commission on Accreditation for Respiratory Care [https://coarc.com/]
(CoARC).


COMMISSION ON ACCREDITATION FOR RESPIRATORY CARE

264 Precision Blvd.
Telford, TN 37690
USA
(815) 283-2835
www.coarc.com [http://www.coarc.com] 

CoARC accredits respiratory therapy education programs in the United States. To
achieve this end, it utilizes an ‘outcomes based’ process. Programmatic outcomes
are performance indicators that reflect the extent to which the educational
goals of the program are achieved and by which program effectiveness is
documented.

Programmatic outcomes data reported on the CoARC website include:

 * 3-year time period being reported
 * RRT credentialing success
 * Achievement of the high cut score on the TMC Exam (beginning 2018)
 * Retention (Attrition)
 * Job Placement
 * Overall Graduate Satisfaction
 * Overall Employer Satisfaction
 * Total number of program enrollees
 * Total number of program graduates
 * Maximum Annual Enrollment

View data for all accredited programs, including College of DuPage #200388.
[https://coarc.com/students/programmatic-outcomes-data/]


COD STORIES

Justin Bell [/about/stories/students/images/justin-bell.jpg]

"I would not trade my experience at COD for anything. I really enjoyed myself
throughout the two years I spent in the Respiratory Care program, and I can
promise that anyone going into the program will, too." - Justin Bell

Justin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bell.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kathryn Ziegler [/about/stories/students/images/kathryn-ziegler.jpg]

"At COD, I was the first student in my class to be offered a student position at
the hospital, and once I graduated, I had multiple hospitals trying to recruit
me." - Kathryn Ziegler

Kathryn's COD Story [/about/stories/students/ziegler.aspx]


COD STORIES

Niko Claudio [/about/stories/students/images/niko_claudio.jpg]

“COD is cost effective and provides a great education. They have so many
resources, programs and plenty of staff that cares and will help you succeed.
The counselors and many of the instructors I had at COD played a big role in
assisting me in finding my path.” - Niko Claudio

Niko's COD Story [/about/stories/students/claudio.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sakshi Sehdev [/about/stories/students/images/sakshi-sehdev.jpg]

"I had amazing learning experiences through my clinical rotations, which were at
community hospitals. I had a lot of hands-on duties because they had cases other
than COVID patients, which the students were not allowed to see." - Sakshi
Sehdev

Sakshi's COD Story [/about/stories/students/sehdev.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Respiratory Care program is to read the
Respiratory Care Admissions Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/resp_care.pdf] and watch the Advising
Session video
[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeR9wBZUA0SlFahTzJi3S6wLSBfEzzFt0bG88iS7_ui7XZJmQ/viewform?usp=send_form].
The packet contains an admission checklist that you will need to follow in order
to be eligible for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/respiratory-care/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Respiratory Care, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/respiratory-care/respiratory-care-aas/]

Program Learning Outcomes

The following Student Learning Outcomes are in alignment with CoARC TMC detailed
content outline.

Respiratory Care program graduates will:

 * Evaluate data in the patient record
 * Gather clinical information through patient assessment
 * Perform procedures to gather clinical information
 * Evaluate procedure results
 * Recommend diagnostic procedures
 * Assemble and troubleshoot equipment
 * Ensure infection control
 * Perform quality control procedures
 * Initiation and modification of interventions to maintain a patent airway
 * Initiation and modification of interventions to perform airway clearance and
   lung expansion techniques
 * Initiation and modification of interventions to support oxygenation and
   ventilation
 * Initiation and modification administer medications and specialty gases
 * Ensure modifications are made to the respiratory care plan to improve patient
   outcomes
 * Use evidence-based medicine principles
 * Provide respiratory care techniques in high-risk situations
 * Assist a physician/provider in performing procedures
 * Initiate and conduct patient and family education




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several respiratory care transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/respiratory-care.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Respiratory Care
program.

I live out of the area and my community college does not offer respiratory care.
Will I still be able to attend?

Check with your local community college. You may be eligible for a tuition
charge-back. This allows you to enroll in the program for in-district tuition.
If you work full-time in DuPage County, you may also be eligible for a
charge-back.



Is financial aid available?

Financial aid is available. Visit the Financial Aid office
[/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx] at the College for more information. There are
scholarships available through several professional groups. Students must submit
applications for these scholarships and in some cases, write an essay.

I already have medical training. How long will it take me to get through the
program?

It will take two years to complete the Respiratory Care program. All courses are
taught in sequence and are prerequisites for the subsequent courses.

Will I be guaranteed employment when I graduate?
The program does not guarantee employment: however, the market has much
opportunity for full time, part time and per diem positions. Many of our
students are offered positions through experiences from their clinical
rotations.
With an Associate in Applied Science degree, will I still be able to transfer to
a four-year school and receive a bachelor's degree?

Yes, the Respiratory Care program currently has two articulation agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/respiratory-care.aspx] that help students earn a
bachelor's degree:

 * One agreement is a 3+1 through Concordia University for a Bachelor of Arts in
   Healthcare Administration.
 * The second agreement is a 2+2 through Northern Illinois University to earn a
   Bachelors of Science degree. In addition, other schools may accept general
   education credits earned at COD.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Respiratory Care Program
[/academics/programs/respiratory-care/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/respiratory-care/current-students.aspx]



Respiratory Care Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/resp_care.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/respiratory-care/index.pcf]