https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/slpa/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Speech pathologist working with a child
[/academics/programs/slpa/images/slpa-hero-image.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Speech Language Pathology
Assistant Program


SPEECH LANGUAGE PATHOLOGY ASSISTANT PROGRAM

Speech Language Pathology Assistants (SLPAs) are a growing group of therapy
service providers under the supervision of licensed Speech Language Pathologists
(SLP) that provide treatment and screening services for people who have trouble
communicating.

Communication disorders can affect anyone, from very young children to the
elderly. SLPAs provide services to people of all ages with a wide variety of
issues and disorders. Some individuals are born with a communication disorder
while others acquire communication disorders after an accident or disease. 

Working under the supervision of an SLP, an SLPA can enhance the quality of life
of the individuals served by:

 * Eliminating or minimizing the impact of communication disorders and enhancing
   functional communication, thereby allowing individuals to communicate wants
   and needs effectively and comprehend linguistic input.
 * Enhancing cognitive skills, thereby allowing individuals to effectively
   function in their activities of daily living and increase their independence.

College of DuPage offers a Speech Language Pathologist Assistant, Associate in
Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/speech-language-pathology/speech-language-pathology-assistant-aas/]
degree, designed to be completed in two years. SLPA courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/slpa/] include communication and speech
disorders, phonetics, language development and sign language. Graduates of the
SLPA program at COD are eligible to apply for state licensure through the
Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulations.

The SLPA program meets and exceeds the minimum requirements set forth within
section 1465.20 b,4 of the Rules for the Administration of the Illinois
Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology Practice Act.



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

A communication disorder may impact an individual’s ability to hear, speak or
understand. It is estimated that 42 million Americans have some form of
communication disorder, such as hearing loss, stuttering, and voice,
articulation or language disorders. SLPAs help to eliminate or minimize the
impact of communication disorders on the lives of their clients or patients.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in speech language pathology, planning to
transfer to a four-year college or university or updating your skills, COD
offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities.
 * Flexible course schedules with day and evening classes, online learning and
   accelerated hybrid classes.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Hands-on experience with a variety of different clinical sites
   [/academics/programs/slpa/prospective-supervisors-employers.aspx] throughout
   the Chicago suburbs.

Degrees


SPEECH LANGUAGE PATHOLOGY ASSISTANT

The Speech Language Pathology Assistant Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/speech-language-pathology/speech-language-pathology-assistant-aas/]
degree program prepares students for employment as support personnel under the
supervision of a certified Speech Language Pathologist in schools and clinics.

Upon successful completion of the program, students are eligible to apply for
the Illinois State License licensure through Illinois Department of Financial
and Professional Regulations (IDFPR).


COD STORIES

Judy Jarka [/about/stories/students/images/judy_jarka.jpg]

“The faculty members are extremely resourceful, well-educated and experienced,
and they always encourage their students to do their best and to better
themselves. COD will truly open doors for you and make you feel successful.” -
Judy Jarka

Judy's COD Story [/about/stories/students/jarka.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

Get started in the SLPA program by following the directions outlined in the SLPA
admissions packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/slpa.pdf]. The packet
contains an admissions checklist that you will need to follow in order to be
eligible for admission.

Program Costs [/academics/programs/slpa/program-costs.aspx]

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Speech-Language Pathology Assistant, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/speech-language-pathology/speech-language-pathology-assistant-aas/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Speech Language Pathology Assistant program graduates will:

 * Provide quality services as outlined by the supervising SLP in a documented
   treatment plan
 * Complete speech and language screenings without interpretation
 * Assist SLP during diagnostic testing if requested by the supervising SLP
 * Document progress toward goals in established therapy plan and assist with
   informal documentation
 * Perform clerical duties, assist with departmental operations, and perform
   equipment maintenance checks as requested by the supervising SLP
 * Provide support in research projects, in-servicing, and public relations
   programs, and collect data for quality improvement
 * Exhibit compliance with scope of service
 * Exhibit compliance with regulations and reimbursement requirements
 * Exhibit professional behavior, ethical conduct, and interpersonal skills when
   interacting with clients/patients and families, supervisors, and staff
 * Assume responsibility for continued professional and personal growth
 * Apply for licensure through the Illinois Department of Professional
   Regulations
 * Contribute positively to the speech language pathology profession and
   community




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several speech language pathology assistant
[/academics/transfer/programs/speech-language-pathology-assistant.aspx] in place
with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 

Determining if SLPA is For You

A career in speech language pathology may be right for you if helping people
communicate sounds exciting. In addition to a strong desire to help others, the
following skills or traits are needed for success in this field:

 * Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
 * Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills 
 * Strong organizational skills and the ability to be adaptable 
 * Interest in and commitment to continued education, even after completion of a
   degree

Scope of Service

In Illinois, the Scope of Service of SLPA is organized by function. Refer to the
Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation to view the
Illinois Speech Language Pathology and Audiology Practice Act
[http://www.ilga.gov/LEGISLATION/ILCS/ilcs3.asp?ActID=1325&ChapAct=225%26nbsp%3BILCS%26nbsp%3B110%2F&ChapterID=24&ChapterName=PROFESSIONS+AND+OCCUPATIONS&ActName=Illinois+Speech-Language+Pathology+and+Audiology+Practice+Act.].


THERAPY

 * SLPAs may follow a documented treatment plan outlined by an SLP.
 * SLPAs may not write, develop, or modify a treatment plan in any way.


EVALUATION AND SCREENING

 * SLPAs may complete speech and language screenings without interpretation
   and assist SLP during diagnostic testing.
 * SLPAs may not interpret screening results or perform diagnostic testing.


SWALLOWING

 * SLPAs may not complete feeding or swallowing screening, perform diagnostic
   services related to feeding and swallowing, utilize a check list or tabulate
   results of a feeding or swallowing evaluation or  demonstrate swallowing
   strategies or precautions patient, family, or staff.


DOCUMENTATION

 * SLPAs may document progress toward goals in established therapy plan and
   assist with informal documentation.
 * SLPAs may not write, develop, or modify the therapy plan in any way or sign
   any formal document.


DETERMINATION OF NEED FOR SERVICES

 * SLPAs may not select clients for service, discharge clients from service or
   make referrals for additional service.


COUNSELING AND CONFERENCING

 * SLPAs may not counsel the client or family, consult with client, family, or
   others regarding status or service, disclose information (verbal or written)
   to anyone not designated by SLP or participate in any conferencing activity
   without the presence of an SLP.


CLERICAL/MISCELLANEOUS

 * SLPAs may perform clerical duties, assist with departmental
   operations, perform equipment maintenance checks provide support in research
   projects, inservice, and PR programs or collect data for quality improvement.


ETHICS

 * SLPAs must exhibit compliance with scope of service and exhibit compliance
   with regulations and reimbursement requirements.
 * SLPAs may not represent himself/herself as an SLP.


WORKPLACE BEHAVIORS

 * SLPAs must relate to clients/patients in a supportive manner, follow
   supervisor’s instructions, maintain confidentiality and other appropriate
   behaviors,  communicate in oral and written forms and follow health and
   safety precautions.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Speech Language
Pathology Assistant program.

What is a Speech Language Pathologist?

A Speech Language Pathologist (SLP) is an individual who has earned a master's
or doctoral degree in the field of Communication Sciences and Disorders. He or
she has completed a nine-month fellowship, referred to as the Clinical
Fellowship Year (CFY), received his or her Certificate of Clinical Competence
(CCCs) from the American Speech Language Hearing Association (ASHA), and has
been licensed by the state(s) in which he or she practices. The SLP provides
diagnostic services, develops plans of intervention, and provides direct therapy
or consultative services for individuals with communicative, cognitive or
swallowing deficits. Entry-level salaries for ASHA-certified SLPs are
approximately $45,000 for those on a academic contract year (9 to 10 months) and
$52,000 for those on a calendar year contract (11 to 12 months).

When was the profession of SLPA first utilized?

Guidelines for the use of support personnel in Speech Language Pathology were
formally instituted by the American Speech Language Hearing Association (ASHA)
in 1969. However, support personnel functioned under a multiple of different
titles and varied widely in terms of training. The formalization of the SLPA
profession in terms of education, training and scope of service is a recent
addition to the speech language pathology landscape, with national and Illinois
state guidelines being finalized in 2000 and 2002 respectively.

Where are SLPAs typically employed?

SLPAs can work in a multitude of settings and provide services for a wide
variety of individuals. However, it is important to note that the vast majority
of SLPA graduates from COD are employed working with children, specifically in
the early intervention system. In 2005, credentialing through the early
intervention system (which provides services for children age birth to three
years) became available for licensed associate-level SLPAs. Since that time, the
early intervention system has become a significant employment resource for our
graduates. Graduates have also found employment in educational and pediatric
clinical settings. Job opportunities in hospital settings or caring for adult
patients are limited at this time, secondary to reimbursement issues.

What is the criteria for admission?

Refer to SLPA Admissions Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/slpa.pdf] for admission criteria.

When should a student apply to the program?

As stated in the SLPA Admissions Packet,
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/slpa.pdf] a student should apply to the
program while he/she is completing his/her prerequisite SLPA courses. All
application materials are due by the application deadline date.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Speech Language Pathology Assistant Program
[/academics/programs/slpa/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/slpa/current-students.aspx]



SLPA Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/slpa.pdf]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/slpa/index.pcf]