https://www.cod.edu/slea/facilities.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
   [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png]/slea/index.aspx

 * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
 * Continuing Education [/slea/continuing_education/index.aspx]
 * History [/slea/history.aspx]
 * FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
 * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
 * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]

Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
[/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png] Suburban Law Enforcement
Academy [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-black.png] /slea/index.aspx Menu
 * Basic Academy [/slea/basic.aspx]
 * History [/slea/history.aspx]
 * FAQs [/slea/slea-faq.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/slea/faculty.aspx]
 * Resources [/slea/resources.aspx]
 * Facilities [/slea/facilities.aspx]

gun range photo [/_resources/img/hero/indoor-hsti-htc-gunrange-heroimage.jpg]
Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) [https://www.cod.edu/slea/]Facilities


FACILITIES


ROBERT J. MILLER HOMELAND SECURITY EDUCATION CENTER (HEC)

The Homeland Security Education Center (HEC) houses the Criminal and Justice
Studies and Fire Science Technology programs, Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
(SLEA) and the COD Police Department.

The HEC includes forensics and cybercrime labs, an Internet crime investigation
lab, an ambulance simulator, a mock courtroom/auditorium, a simulation
hazmat/smoke room and the first non-military municipal 4-D immersive training
lab.

The HEC features a life-size street scene with fire truck bays, ambulance
simulator and working fire hydrants— and it’s the only one of its kind in the
entire nation. This state-of-the-art facility is quickly adding to COD’s
reputation as a national homeland security powerhouse.


WORLD TRADE CENTER BEAM MEMORIAL

Installed on Sept. 1, 2011 and located in the College of DuPage Sgt. Robert J.
Miller Homeland Security Education, this I-beam comes from one of the World
Trade Center towers. The 27” by 127” section weighs more than 1,000 pounds and
is thought to have come from a lower floor at the center of one of the towers.
The concrete attached to one end of the beam provides a haunting reminder of the
floor where it originally connected.

College of DuPage applied to the New York Port Authority for a relic from the
towers, along with thousands of other applicants, and was one of the few
institutions and organizations selected to receive this piece of history. Its
location on campus, in a building designed to train first responders, is a
fitting memorial to the heroism and tragedy of that fateful day in 2001.




HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING CENTER (HTC)

The Homeland Security Training Center (HTC) expands first responder instruction
with advanced firearms training, interactive shoot/don’t shoot simulation and
weapons cleaning/ repair training.

Included  in this facility is a 50-yard, 25-position indoor firing range that
provides first responders a unique indoor facility for training purposes. The
indoor range is safe and lead free, which will preserve the environment.

Together, the HEC and HTC will propel HSTI to national prominence, combining our
expert faculty with the best facilities and equipment in the nation.

College of DuPage Maps and Directions
[/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]

 * HEC Floor Plans
   [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/pdf/floor_hec.pdf]
 * HTC Floor Plans
   [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/pdf/floor_htc.pdf]


ROBERT J. MILLER HOMELAND SECURITY EDUCATION CENTER

Homeland Security Education Center
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/top-level/homeland-security-education-center-exterior.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/uAmKRU1yEFk?rel=0

The Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center is a testament to COD's
commitment to providing student's access to the latest tools and facilities.

 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
   [/_resources/img/microsites/slea-logo-white.png] /slea/index.aspx
 * Suburban Law Enforcement Academy (SLEA) at College of DuPage 425 Fawell
   Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 Voice: (630) 942-2677 [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   Fax: (630) 942-3766

 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Emergencies & Severe Weather Info [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Veterans Services [/admission/veteran/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/slea/facilities.pcf]