https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/liberal-arts/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students studying in class
[/_resources/img/hero/religiousstudies-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Divisions [https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/]Liberal Arts Division


LIBERAL ARTS DIVISION

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Faculty [/academics/divisions/liberal-arts/faculty.aspx]

The Liberal Arts Division is comprised of the following disciplines: English,
ELS, History, Humanities, Interpreting, Languages including American Sign
Language, Philosophy and Religious Studies.


ENGLISH

English [/academics/programs/english/index.aspx] includes studies in:
Composition, Developmental Reading and Writing, Creative Writing, Technical and
Professional Writing, Linguistics and Literature and Film.

These disciplines provide an educational framework within which students develop
their abilities to think critically and to express themselves clearly,
effectively and creatively to different audiences. Many of the courses in
English satisfy general education requirements for graduation and can be
transferred to other institutions. Many courses also feature enriched learning
experiences for students, including service learning projects, experiential
learning and field-based research, peer mentoring opportunities, and extended
learning communities.

Students in English are provided educational opportunities to:

 * Develop a range of strategies for writing, reading, and listening more
   effectively.
 * Acquire critical information literacy skills, including the ability to
   locate, evaluate, and synthesize information from a variety of sources and
   for different purposes.
 * Nurture a deeper aesthetic awareness and the capacity for meaningful
   self-expression.
 * Cultivate their ability to think critically and to respond creatively to
   complex problems and situations.
 * Enhance their understanding of and respect for personal, social and cultural
   diversity.
 * Foster greater rhetorical awareness, including the ability to consider a
   variety of perspectives and audiences when communicating.
 * Explore a wide number of genres and styles in academic, professional, and
   public settings.
 * Understand and effectively use a range of technologies for researching and
   communicating in 21st century contexts.

English faculty sponsor student curricular activities, including Prairie Light
Review [/student_life/publications/index.aspx] and the Writers Read
[/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/writers-read-series.aspx] series.


ENGLISH LANGUAGE STUDIES

English Language Studies [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx] offers a series of
tuition-based language courses that prepare non-native speakers of English for
study at U.S. colleges and universities as well as for professional employment
in the United States. The two primary goals of the courses are for students to
acquire academic language proficiency and to develop intercultural communication
competence.

Students in English Language Studies are provided educational opportunities to:

 * Analyze a variety of authentic fiction and nonfiction texts.
 * Write for multiple academic and professional purposes.
 * Develop strategies for critical listening.
 * Lead and participate in class and small group discussions centered around
   complex academic topics.
 * Give engaging presentations for a variety of academic and professional
   purposes.
 * Acquire new vocabulary including idioms and common usage.
 * Learn and use strategies to improve language accuracy.
 * Demonstrate the ability to find and synthesize information as well as to
   appropriately cite all sources.
 * View issues from multiple perspectives and analyze how those perspectives
   developed.
 * Practice cultural sensitivity and understand the value of diversity.
 * Apply techniques for promoting interpersonal, cultural, and linguistic
   communication as well as repair any breakdown in communication.


HUMANITIES

Humanities [/academics/programs/humanities/index.aspx] includes subject areas
that address the question of what it means to be human. Subject areas in the
Humanities include History, Humanities, Languages, Philosophy and Religious
Studies. The study of Humanities frees students to think beyond personal and
cultural boundaries and to consider informed actions that have constructive
outcomes for the future. Many of the courses in Humanities satisfy the general
education requirements for graduation and can be transferred to other
institutions.

Students in Humanities are provided educational opportunities to develop:

 * Skills in analysis, synthesis, and evaluation of readings and writings
   related to the Humanities.
 * An understanding of history, philosophy, religious studies, the arts, and
   cultural contexts.
 * An awareness of human spiritual, intellectual, social and political
   aspirations.
 * Insight into various cultures through the study of history, world languages,
   the arts, philosophical and religious texts.
 * Creative and critical thinking skills.


AREAS OF STUDY

 * English [/academics/programs/english/index.aspx]
 * ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * History [/academics/programs/history/index.aspx]
 * Humanities [/academics/programs/humanities/index.aspx]
 * Languages [/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
 * American Sign Language/Interpreting
   [/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/index.aspx]
 * Philosophy and Religious Studies [/academics/programs/philosophy/index.aspx]


CAMPUS LOCATIONS

 * Berg Instructional Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx]
 * Student Services Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Liberal Arts Division Office [/academics/divisions/liberal-arts/index.aspx]
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06
(630) 942-2047

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/divisions/liberal-arts/index.pcf]