https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/staputyte.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: KOTRYNA STAPUTYTE

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Kotryna Staputyte
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Kotryna Staputyte [/about/stories/students/images/kotryna-staputyte.jpg]


Major: Biology

Although Kotryna Staputyte was looking forward to playing basketball at a
Division III school or going away to a Big Ten University, she decided to make
the smart financial choice and attend College of DuPage.

It helped that she was named a Presidential Scholar, which includes free tuition
for two years for high-achieving students. As soon as Staputyte made her choice,
she immediately immersed herself into COD.

Scholars Awards at COD [/costs/scholarships/scholars_awards.aspx]



“I visited the college quite frequently my senior year of high school. My goal
was to get as much information as I could about the best ways to get involved,
the best professors to take and the best ways to make COD a home away from
home,” she said. “I registered for my classes super early, right when
registration opened. I was at a computer, ready to go. I started going to
basketball open gym and summer cross country practices. I knew I wanted to be a
college athlete, and going to a community college was not going to stop me.
Instead, it gave me the perfect opportunity to be a direct contributor to a team
right away.

“I was also very happy to live at home and get free housing and free food! Not
to mention the opportunity to spend more time with my family and see my younger
brother grow up through his last years of elementary school – something that
would have been much harder if I was not a commuter.”

During her first semester alone, Staputyte attended COD’s first homecoming
football game in nearly 40 years, joined the Student Ambassadors and gave tours
to future students, traveled to Texas with COD’s Cross Country team for the
NJCAA Cross Country Nationals, played her first college basketball games, and
volunteered for NAMI’s Race for the Mind for her psychology class.

“I decided to take honors classes to challenge myself. I decided to make friends
in my classes, do extra work, communicate with my teachers and coaches, and
ultimately make COD a perfect place for me,” she said. “No matter what school I
would have gone to, I know that I would have become as involved as possible. At
COD, I realized there were more opportunities to do so than I had ever
imagined.”

In 2015, Staputyte entered the annual Dr. Pepper Tuition Giveaway, which invites
students to briefly state how they want to change the world. In her submission,
called “Give Every Child a Chance,” Staputyte wrote: “My best friend (Dominykas)
has a developmental disability. I have witnessed him improve his skills
drastically since his time in the U.S., due to the medicine he has obtained and
the amazing support system and friendships he has developed. I strive to be the
first doctor in my family to improve the lives of children worldwide who are
impacted by disabilities.”

She initially was one of 16 finalists and traveled to California with three
others. Making it to the final round held during the PAC-12 championship game,
Staputyte edged the other finalist and won a $100,000 scholarship.

“It was Dominykas’ story that inspired all of this, and I hope that my story
inspires others to think about their goals and their dreams for the future,” she
said. “And I have to thank Dr. Pepper for what they have done. It started
because I saw their ad on Facebook, and it’s cool to be part of a project where
tens of thousands of students across the country share their stories and their
hopes about changing the world.”

No matter what school I would have gone to, I know that I would have become as
involved as possible. At COD, I realized there were more opportunities to do so
than I had ever imagined.

Kotryna Staputyte

After earning her Associate in Science degree and graduating with honors,
Staputyte transferred to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where
she earned her bachelor’s degree in Molecular and Cellular Biology with a minor
in Nutrition. She joined Kappa Alpha Theta and spent a fall semester studying
abroad at Stockholm University in Sweden.

She completed EMT coursework and took a gap semester, during which she lived in
the city and worked as a patient care technician in the Oncology/MedSurg
department at Rush University Hospital. She also became a Yoga Sculpt Teacher
certified at CorePower Yoga.

Having received her master’s degree in Biomedical Sciences from the Kirksville
College of Osteopathic Medicine at A.T. Still University, Staputyte worked as a
medical scribe while applying to medical school. In 2023, she started at Touro
University Nevada as a first-year osteopathic medical student. While undecided
on a specialty of medicine, she is interested in women’s health and the field of
obstetrics and gynecology.  

Staputyte knows her choice to attend COD was the right one.

More COD Success Stories [/about/stories/students/index.aspx]



“I was surrounded by like-minded students who challenged me and motivated me to
do my best. High-quality professors also motivated me to chase after my goals
through hard work, dedication and, of course, an enjoyment in what I do,” she
said. “By driving myself to school, choosing my own classes, putting together my
own schedule and managing my time, I became a more productive and independent
person and student. Since I still lived at home, I got the best of both worlds:
an independent lifestyle and the support of my family on a daily basis.

“Ultimately, I did not choose COD for the reasons most college-bound student
choose their colleges and universities. I came to COD with an open mind and a
plan to be as involved as possible. Right away, I became in love with the
campus, the classes, professors, coaches, teammates and the people. I chose to
go to COD with no clue of how much it would ultimately give to me.”

Learn more about the Biology program at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/staputyte.pcf]