https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/cyber-defense/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

instructor standing by racks of servers [/_resources/img/hero/cit-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Center for Cyber Defense
Education Program


CENTER FOR CYBER DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM

The Center for Cyber Defense Education develops, promotes and supports
collaboration and innovation in security technologies and management,
information security and digital forensics.

As a certified Cisco Networking Academy
[/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/cisco-networking-academy.aspx],
a certified CompTIA Academy
[/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/comptia-academy.aspx]
and a Microsoft Imaging Academy
[/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/microsoft-academy.aspx],
College of DuPage sits at the forefront of affordable computer education. The
College provides state-of-the-art training, hands-on skills and credentials that
are in demand by the industry and necessary to begin a successful career in
cyber security and information assurance.

Located on the COD campus, the award-winning Robert J. Miller Homeland Security
Education Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.aspx] allows
for opportunities for interdisciplinary educational projects and collaborative
experiences across  computer, criminal justice and security disciplines.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The Center for Cyber Defense Education provides development opportunities for
students that lead to a two year associate's degree in Cybersecurity and
Education as well as certification in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance.

Why CODDegreesCertificate
Why COD

Whether you are interested in a degree in Cybersecurity and Defense or a
certificate in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance, COD offers: 

 * Dedicated professors and instructors with a combination of technical industry
   experience, technical degrees, technical certifications and teaching
   experience.
 * IT training in excellent facilities, such as the Seaton Computing Center
   [https://cod.edu/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/scc.aspx] (SCC)
   and Berg Instructional Center
   [https://cod.edu/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx] (BIC).
 * Hands-on experience using production-type equipment.
 * Affordable and accredited classes.
 * Industry approved, relevant, up-to-date curriculum.
 * Industry aligned technical certifications.
 * Stackable credentials that allow students to begin their career while growing
   their expertise.
 * Program approval from Cisco Networking Academy
   [https://cod.edu/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/cisco-networking-academy.aspx], CompTIA
   Academy
   [https://cod.edu/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/comptia-academy.aspx],
   VMware Academy, Microsoft Academy
   [https://cod.edu/academics/programs/cit/professional-training-academies/microsoft-academy.aspx] and Center
   for Cyber Defense Education
   [https://cod.edu/academics/programs/cyber-defense/index.aspx].

Degrees


CYBERSECURITY AND DEFENSE 

The Cybersecurity and Defense Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-defense-aas/]
degree provides students with a comprehensive foundation in the principles of
cybersecurity.

The program covers computers and justice studies, homeland security, networks,
routing and switching, servers and virtualization. 

Certificate


CYBERSECURITY SPECIALIST

The Cybersecurity Specialist
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-specialist-certificate/]
certificate provides a foundation in basic principles of cybersecurity. It
covers function of networks, operating systems and security principles. 


INFORMATION ASSURANCE AND CYBER DEFENSE TRAINING

Designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense by the
National Security Agency (NSA) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS),
College of DuPage can issue a certificate on the behalf of the NSA/DHS
confirming a student's competency in a set of core knowledge units designated as
a requirement by NSA/DHS in the area of Information Assurance and Cyber Defense.
These core knowledge units include:

 * Basic Data Analysis
 * Basic Scripting
 * Cyber Defense
 * Cyber Threats
 * Fundamental Security Design Principles
 * IA Fundamentals
 * Intro to Cryptography
 * IT Systems Components
 * Networking Concepts
 * Policy, Legal, Ethics and Compliance
 * System Administration 


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in cybersecurity and defense is to apply for
admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Cybersecurity and Defense, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-defense-aas/]
 * Cybersecurity Specialist, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-technology/cybersecurity-specialist-certificate/]




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several computer and information technology transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/computer-information-technology.aspx]
in place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and
make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


JOB OUTLOOK

Students completing the Cyber Security degree can apply for jobs such as a
network administrator, services specialist, support specialist, computer user
support, customer service, technical support and systems administrator. 

In addition, students can sit for the following industry certifications:

 * CompTIA Network+
 * CompTIA Linux+
 * CompTIA Security+
 * Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT)
 * Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
 * Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
 * Microsoft Certified Solution Associate (MCSA)


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Center for Cyber Defense Education Program
[/academics/programs/cyber-defense/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/cyber-defense/current-students.aspx]



Gen Cyber ProgramLearn More
[/academics/programs/cyber-defense/gencyber/index.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/cyber-defense/index.pcf]