https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/students/workshop-schedule.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

campus central desk
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-ssc-atrium-campus-central-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Career Services Center
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/]Career Services for
Students
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/students/]Career
Preparation Webinars and Workshops


CAREER PREPARATION WEBINARS AND WORKSHOPS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Workshop/Webinar Schedule
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/workshop-schedule.aspx]
 * Job Search Resources
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/job-search-resources.aspx]
 * Service Learning
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/index.aspx]
   * Community Partners
     [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/community-partners.aspx]
   * Faculty Resources
     [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/faculty-resources.aspx]
   * Placement Description Form
     [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/placement-description-form.aspx]
   * Placement Sites
     [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/placement-sites/index.aspx]
     * Placement Sites
       [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/placement-sites/index.aspx]
   * Presidential Scholars Service Component
     [/student_life/resources/career-services/students/student-experiential-programs/service-learning/presidential-scholars-service.aspx]

Career Preparation Webinars and Workshops are free (unless otherwise noted) and
open to all students, alumni and community members. Questions can be directed to
Career Services at csc@cod.edu [csc@cod.edu?subject=].

For ADA accommodations, email access@cod.edu [access@cod.edu?subject=] with the
subject line *event title* and your accommodation request. Send an email two
weeks in advance.


WEDNESDAY WEBINAR SERIES

Join us throughout the semester for live career prep webinars. Topics rotate
weekly. All sessions begin promptly at noon unless otherwise noted. 

Registration is required. Webinars are conducted via Blackboard Collaborate and
access information will be emailed to participants after registration is
complete.



Register Now
[https://www.canva.com/design/DAEdu_SMOFU/ci-EbMK_XZXvdbVPZgDGRg/view?website#2]




ABILITYLINKS DEMO

Join us for a special demo hosted by AbilityLinks. Learn how to filter the job
board and find opportunities posted by employers committed to inclusive
employment practices. Registration is required. This demo is conducted via Zoom
and access information will be emailed to participants after registration is
complete.

 * Thursday, Oct. 26

This event is funded through a grant from the Illinois Community College Board
and funded 100% through the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the
21st Century Act (Perkins V). 


BIG INTERVIEW WEBINAR

Career Services is excited to offer Big Interview, a virtual mock interview and
learning platform. Practice interview skills anytime, anywhere. Users can:
choose from hundreds of pre-set practice interviews; record responses and watch
them to reflect and gain insight; review instant AI feedback; and send
recordings to others for feedback. Attend a demo to learn more about this
helpful tool.

 * Thursday, Nov. 9


CAREER RESEARCH WEBINAR

Choosing a career can be challenging however, learning how and where to research
can help. This webinar will cover several valuable websites, including Career
Coach, where you can explore career summaries, local wages, employment
projections, and other helpful information to explore potential career paths. 

 * Wednesday, Nov. 1


CHAPS GET HIRED WEBINAR

Learn more about the electronic job and internship board available to YOU as a
College of DuPage student. Access opportunities from employers looking to
recruit COD students, alumni and community members. Search internships,
part-time opportunities, full-time opportunities and more. Attend our demo to
learn how to access and navigate the platform in preparation for your search and
upcoming virtual hiring events. 

 * Check back for future dates.

These events are funded through a grant from the Illinois Community College
Board and funded 100% through the Strengthening Career and Technical Education
for the 21st Century Act (Perkins V). 


FINDING INCLUSIVE EMPLOYERS (DISABILITY DISCLOSURE)

Career Services is offering a webinar to help students with disabilities
navigate the job search process. Job search strategies, tips, and information
related to disclosure and self-ID will be discussed. Every experience and
perspective is unique. This workshop will not assess situations on an individual
basis and will provide more generalized information to help students determine
the approach that will work best for them. Click the link below to RSVP and
receive an email with login instructions. 

 * Wednesday, Oct. 25

This event is funded through a grant from the Illinois Community College Board
and funded 100% through the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the
21st Century Act (Perkins V).


INTERNSHIP SEARCH

Pursuing an internship while studying at College of DuPage is a great way to get
ahead. Join us to talk about the importance of internships, the documents you
need to apply, and a quick look at Chaps Get Hired to find paid and unpaid
opportunities. 

 * Check back for future dates.


INTERVIEW PREP WEBINAR

Learn how to better prepare for interviewing at this webinar. We’ll cover best
practices for all stages of the interview process and get you better prepared
for the before and follow-up after your interview. Questions are welcome so come
prepared to learn and ask about all things career related.

 * Wednesday, Nov. 8


JOB SEARCH WEBINAR

Looking for new ways to find job opportunities? Attend our Job Search webinar
for new job board ideas, including COD's Chaps Get Hired. We'll also share tips
and answer your questions on the best ways to conduct an effective job search

 * Check back for future dates.


LINKEDIN WEBINAR

Join the conversation with the Career Services Center as we talk about LinkedIn
for this week's Webinar Wednesday. We will be taking live questions from
attendees and giving out our top tips for building a profile, engaging with
professionals, and using other key features of LinkedIn. 

 * Wednesday, Nov. 15


RESUME WEBINAR

While there is no "one size fits all" resume, there are a number of universal
tips and guidelines that we like to share with students. Join our webinar to
learn about options for getting started and strategies you can take to feel
confident in the document you create. Bring your questions for this helpful
resume discussion. 

 * Wednesday, Nov. 29


VMOCK SMART RESUME PLATFORM DEMO WEBINAR

Career Services is excited to offer VMock Smart Resume to students. Attend a
demo to learn how you can upload a resume and receive instant feedback. Within
seconds of uploading, students will receive a score benchmarked against their
peers based on data-science and AI technology. Students can click through
detailed feedback to identify ways to not only improve their score but power-up
their resume to meet recruiters' needs. Available to students with a valid
@DuPage email address. 

 * Thursday, Nov. 30


FACULTY DEMOS AND DEVELOPMENT SESSIONS

Faculty Demos start promptly at noon unless otherwise noted. Registration is
required through Cornerstone. 
[https://inside.cod.edu/employees/Pages/default.aspx]


VMOCK SMART RESUME PLATFORM

Interested in helping your students with their resumes but feel there's just not
enough time to provide detailed feedback? Career Services is excited to offer
VMock SMART Resume to you and your students. Within seconds of uploading a
resume, students will receive a score benchmarked against their peers based on
data-science and AI technology. Students can click through detailed feedback to
identify ways to not only improve their score but power-up their resume to meet
recruiters' needs.

Join us for a quick overview of the tool, chat us your questions, and learn how
we can support your class using this tool. These sessions are at noon.

 * Visit Cornerstone for dates.


BIG INTERVIEW

We all know interviews are crucial to sealing the deal when getting that job or
internship offer but are often the most challenging for students. Big Interview
is a mock interview platform that offers students the chance to practice their
interview skills anytime anywhere. Students can choose from hundreds of pre-set
practice interviews or create a custom interview. They can record their answers
and watch them back to gain insight and reflect. They can also send them to
others for feedback and review. Attend a demo to learn more and how Career
Services can help with incorporating this tool into your class. These sessions
are at noon.

 * Visit Cornerstone for dates.


CONNECTING CAREERS AND THE CLASSROOM

Studies have shown the primary motivator for students is preparation for the
workforce. Join COD’s Career Services Center for a discussion on how skills you
are teaching relate to jobs our students want. After this session, you will be
able to connect learning outcomes to career readiness based on competencies
identified by National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE).

 * Visit Cornerstone for dates.

Note: Faculty Develop Sessions earn EDC Credits.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Career Services
Student Services Center (SSC) Room 3258
Email: csc@cod.edu [csc@cod.edu]
Phone: (630) 942-2230
Fax: (630) 942-4596

Regular Hours:
Monday to Thursday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.  
Friday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codcareercenter [https://instagram.com/codcareercenter/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcareerservicescenter [https://www.facebook.com/CODCareerServicesCenter/]

Twitter
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@codcareercenter [http://twitter.com/CODCareerCenter]

Linked In
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_linkedin.png]Linkedin:
@codcareercenter [https://www.linkedin.com/company/codcareercenter]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/career-services/students/workshop-schedule.pcf]