https://www.cod.edu/hsti/facilities.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Homeland Security Training Institute
   [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png]/hsti/index.aspx

 * HSTI Live [/hsti/live-events/index.aspx]
 * Classes [/hsti/classes/index.aspx]
 * Live Online Training Courses [/hsti/online_training.aspx]
 * HSTI Membership for Law Enforcement [/hsti/membership.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/hsti/faculty.aspx]
 * Facilities [/hsti/facilities.aspx]

Homeland Security Training Institute
[/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png] Homeland Security Training
Institute [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png] /hsti/index.aspx Menu
 * HSTI Live [/hsti/live-events/index.aspx]
 * Classes [/hsti/classes/index.aspx]
 * Live Online Training Courses [/hsti/online_training.aspx]
 * HSTI Membership for Law Enforcement [/hsti/membership.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/hsti/faculty.aspx]
 * Facilities [/hsti/facilities.aspx]

Classroom photo [/_resources/img/hero/indoor-hsti-htc-classroom-heroimage.jpg]
Homeland Security Training Institute (HSTI)
[https://www.cod.edu/hsti/]Facilities


FACILITIES


ROBERT J. MILLER HOMELAND SECURITY EDUCATION CENTER (HEC)

The Homeland Security Education Center (HEC) houses the Criminal and Justice
Studies and Fire Science Technology programs, Suburban Law Enforcement Academy
(SLEA) and the COD Police Department.

The HEC includes forensics and cybercrime labs, an Internet crime investigation
lab, an ambulance simulator, a mock courtroom/auditorium, a simulation
hazmat/smoke room and the first non-military municipal 4-D immersive training
lab.

The HEC features a life-size street scene with fire truck bays, ambulance
simulator and working fire hydrants— and it’s the only one of its kind in the
entire nation. This state-of-the-art facility is quickly adding to COD’s
reputation as a national homeland security powerhouse.


WORLD TRADE CENTER BEAM MEMORIAL

Installed on Sept. 1, 2011 and located in the College of DuPage Sgt. Robert J.
Miller Homeland Security Education, this I-beam comes from one of the World
Trade Center towers. The 27” by 127” section weighs more than 1,000 pounds and
is thought to have come from a lower floor at the center of one of the towers.
The concrete attached to one end of the beam provides a haunting reminder of the
floor where it originally connected.

College of DuPage applied to the New York Port Authority for a relic from the
towers, along with thousands of other applicants, and was one of the few
institutions and organizations selected to receive this piece of history. Its
location on campus, in a building designed to train first responders, is a
fitting memorial to the heroism and tragedy of that fateful day in 2001.




HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING CENTER (HTC)

The Homeland Security Training Center (HTC) expands first responder instruction
with advanced firearms training, interactive shoot/don’t shoot simulation and
weapons cleaning/ repair training.

Included  in this facility is a 50-yard, 25-position indoor firing range that
provides first responders a unique indoor facility for training purposes. The
indoor range is safe and lead free, which will preserve the environment.

Together, the HEC and HTC will propel HSTI to national prominence, combining our
expert faculty with the best facilities and equipment in the nation.

College of DuPage Maps and Directions
[/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]

 

 



 


STREET SCENE

The 4Dimmersiveee street scene provides the most realistic training experience
possible. The street scene allows departments to conduct tactical, real-world
training exercises in a simulated environment.

Features:

 * A full-scale street with sidewalks and working fire hydrants
 * Squad cars driven onto the street for tactical simulations
 * An ambulance simulator
 * Lighting system to simulate night or day
 * Movable walls for vertical and horizontal rescues
 * A sophisticated video system providing live feeds to classrooms
 * Observation spaces for students and instructors

 




TACTICAL FIREARMS RANGE

The 50-yard firearms range is fully tactical and is designed to hold up to 24
shooters at a time. It allows for vehicles to be placed down range and tactics
to be added to the firearms qualifications. Gone are the days of standing in a
stationary position and shooting at paper targets. You need to be able to get
out of the vehicle, move, and take cover and fire at targets. This new range
allows for this type of dynamic training.




VIRTRA V300 SIMULATOR

This 300-degree simulator is uniquely equipped to train officers to avoid
ambushes and handle the most difficult of real-world situations. Scenarios,
often based on real-life incidents, are carefully crafted by subject matter
experts to heavily test the trainee's critical-thinking skills, firearms skills
under pressure, and psychological preparation for close quarter combat.

 


TI TRAINING SIMULATOR

TI Training prepares your department for split-second decisions. Use of force
training puts your officers in the middle of the action providing a powerful and
effective training experience. The practice and repetition prepares officers for
the life and death situations they may encounter in the field.




TI RECON CUSTOM SIMULATOR

A multi-room simulation experience. Our new simulator is a fabricated
architectural structure that has four different configuration options
incorporating four separate projected surfaces spread into separate rooms
powered by one computer source. This enables trainees to move through the
environment while the projected scenario evolves and changes during the
exercise. Each cycle can be customized to satisfy a specific training need.




MILO RANGE PRO

With 425 ready-to-train scenarios, MILO's interactive use-of-force and firearms
training put your officers in real-world scenarios such as active shooters,
robberies, mentally disturbed individuals, burglaries and vehicle stops.

 


MILES SYSTEM

Adding realism to training exercises, the MILES System replicates both the
actual firing capabilities and effects of weapons during training, detects hits
from laser "bullets," and performs damage and/or casualty assessments on
targets.

 * HEC Floor Plans
   [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/pdf/floor_hec.pdf]
 * HTC Floor Plans
   [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/pdf/floor_htc.pdf]


ROBERT J. MILLER HOMELAND SECURITY EDUCATION CENTER

Homeland Security Education Center
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/top-level/homeland-security-education-center-exterior.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/uAmKRU1yEFk?rel=0

The Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center is a testament to COD's
commitment to providing student's access to the latest tools and facilities.

 * Homeland Security Training Institute
   [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-white.png] /hsti/index.aspx
 * Homeland Security Training Institute at College of DuPage 425 Fawell Blvd.,
   Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2183 [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   

 * Map and Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Legal and Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Emergencies and Severe Weather Info [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Veterans Services [/admission/veteran/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/hsti/facilities.pcf]