https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Two students working together on a laptop
[/_resources/img/hero/students-laptop-talking-inside.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Financial Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/]Policies
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/policies/]Return of Title IV Aid


RETURN OF TITLE IV AID

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
 * Return of Title IV Aid
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx]
 * Rights and Responsibilities
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx]
 * Satisfactory Academic Progress
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]

Federal Title IV funds are awarded to a student under the assumption that the
student will attend school for the entire period for which assistance is
awarded. Students receiving financial aid who withdraw or stop attending will in
most cases, be required to return a portion of financial aid received; this may
create a balance on your student account.

Once notified, we are required to apply a federally mandated formula to
determine how much of the federal funding was “earned” by the student up to the
time of withdrawal. This review and recalculation is called a “Return of Title
IV Aid Calculation.” The Higher Education Act, was reauthorized and signed into
law on October 7th, 1998, established the Return of Title IV Funds Policy.


DETERMINATION OF WITHDRAWAL DATE

The calculation is based on the period of enrollment to which a student
completes. For Title IV purposes, the last date of attendance is one of the
following:

 * The date the formal withdrawal process begins. The date the student otherwise
   provides official notification of their intent to withdraw (i.e., letter,
   email, in-person)
 * The last documented date of attendance in an academically related activity
   (i.e., documented attendance in a class or lab or submissions of an
   assignment in an online course).

Students must be actively pursuing and successfully complete the term(s) for
which they are enrolled. If a student withdraws from all classes or is reported
as not attending, financial aid may need to be recalculated because the student
may no longer be eligible for the originally awarded amount.

Classes in which you receive an F or W Grade and are reported as never attending
are not eligible for financial aid. Federal regulations state that you must
attend class and successfully complete the course in order to be eligible for
financial aid.

College of DuPage does not have a Leave of Absence Policy to allow student to
interrupt their academic program while remaining in an active status with the
college. You must remain enrolled and active in your classes to retain your
financial aid.


STUDENTS WITH ALL FAILING GRADES

Per federal regulations, if a student fails to earn a passing grade in at least
once course within the payment period, the institution must assume that the
student has unofficially withdrawn unless there is documentation that the
student completed the period.

Examples of attendance include:

 * Physical class attendance where there is direct interaction between
   instructor and student - Submission of an academic assignment
 * Examination, interactive tutorial or computer assisted instruction
 * Study group participation actively assigned by school
 * Participation in online discussion about academic matters
 * Initiation of contact with instructor to ask question about academic subject
   (
   Per the Department of Education, logging in to an online class does not count
   as attendance.)

A student who withdraws from a module or custom class within the term must still
be attending another course or is considered withdrawn, even if registered for
future classes starting within the term. The student must – at the time of
withdrawal from a module or custom class – provide a written statement to the
Office of Financial Assistance indicating intent to attend a future registered
class within the term, or the student is considered withdrawn; and a Return of
Title IV calculation must be completed. (If the student does not actually attend
that future class, a Return of Title IV calculation is still required;
withdrawal date/ last date of attendance dates back to originally confirmed
withdrawal date.)


HOW ELIGIBILITY IS DETERMINED WITHIN THE CALCULATION

The percentage of financial aid the student is eligible for is determined by the
following:

 1. The number of days attended divided by the number of days in the payment
    period.
 2. Institutional breaks of five or more consecutive days are excluded from the
    calculation
 3. Unearned aid percentage is calculated by subtracting the earned aid
    percentage from 100%. 
 4. Institutional charges include tuition, fees and bookstore charges.

Unearned funds, or funds that were disbursed to the student that are greater
than their determined eligibility, are returned to the federal government and
used to reduce the outstanding balances in individual federal programs. These
funds must be returned to the federal government within 45 days of the date of
the student’s withdrawal. The Office of Student Financial Assistance will notify
the student on the return of the funds process. Per federal regulations,
unearned Title IV federal funds repaid are in the following order: 

 1. Federal Unsubsidized Direct Loan 
 2. Federal Subsidized Direct Loan
 3. Federal Direct Parent Loan
 4. Federal Pell Grant
 5. Federal Supplemental educational Opportunity Grant (SEOG)
 6. Iraq/ Afghanistan Service Grant

If the recalculation determines the student did not earn all of the funds that
disbursed, the excess aid received must be returned to the federal government
within 45 days of the date of the student’s withdrawal. The Office of Student
Financial Assistance will notify the student on the return of the funds process.

Conversely, if the amount of Title IV aid earned is greater than the amount
received by the student, he or she may be eligible for a post-withdrawal
disbursement. The Office of Financial Aid will notify the student, in writing,
of their eligibility for a post withdrawal disbursement.


SCHOOL RESPONSIBILITIES/STUDENT RESPONSIBILITIES

Once the school determines dollar amounts and which individual programs must be
repaid, the student will be notified of any amounts he or she owes. Funds that
must be returned by the student to the loan programs can be paid in full in
accordance with normal loan repayment terms. For grant dollars that must be
repaid, the amount due from the student is limited to the amount by which the
original grant overpayment amount due from the student exceeds half of the total
Title IV grant funds received by the student. A student has 45 days to make
repayment and does not have to repay a grant overpayment of $50 or less. Unpaid
balances will be reported on NSLDS, the National Student Loan Data System, and
turned over to the Department of Education for collection. Until overpayments
are repaid or satisfactory arrangements to repay have been made, students will
be ineligible for further Title IV aid at any institution.

This policy is completely separate from the institutional refund policy. Prior
to withdrawing or stopping attendance in classes, the student should be aware of
the proper procedure for withdrawing from classes and the consequences of either
withdrawing or stopping attendance. Official withdrawal is always the
responsibility of the student.

Students are encouraged to contact the Student Financial Assistance Office prior
to withdrawing from class(es).

 * If you have any questions regarding this policy, contact the Financial Aid
   Office at (630) 942-2251.
 * Questions regarding the withdrawal process, contact the Registration Office
   at (630) 942-2377.
 * Questions regarding your student account, contact the Cashier’s Office at
   (630) 942-2206.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.pcf]