https://www.cod.edu/registration/district-502-residency.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

district residency image
[/_resources/img/hero/bic-interaction-hallway-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Registration Services
[https://www.cod.edu/registration/]District 502 Residency


DISTRICT 502 RESIDENCY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Planning and myACCESS Assistance
   [/registration/myaccess-student-planning.aspx]
 * Registration Information [/registration/registration-information.aspx]
 * Appeals Information [/registration/appeals-information.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Registration Forms [/registration/forms/index.aspx]
   * Audit Enrollment Change Request
     [/registration/forms/audit-enrollment-change.aspx]
   * Cooperative Agreement Request
     [/registration/forms/cooperative-agreement.aspx]
   * Dual Credit Roster Change Request
     [/registration/forms/dual-credit-roster-change-request.aspx]
   * Late Withdrawal Appeal [/registration/forms/late-withdrawl-appeal.aspx]
   * Medical Appeal [/registration/forms/medical-appeal.aspx]
   * Permit to Register [/registration/forms/permit-to-register.aspx]
   * Tuition Appeal [/registration/forms/tuition-appeal.aspx]
 * Newly Added Courses [/aspcod/updatedclass/course_sections.asp]
 * Permit Information [/registration/permit-registration.aspx]
 * District 502 Residency [/registration/district-502-residency.aspx]
 * CAREER consortium [/registration/career-consortium.aspx]

In accordance with College of DuPage’s Board Policy 5.03 and Administrative
Procedure 20-45; and guidelines for residency
[/registration/residency-guidelines.aspx], students who live within Community
College District 502 for at least 30 days immediately prior to the start of the
semester, are classified as residents of the College of DuPage district and
charged the in-district tuition [/costs/tuition/index.aspx] rate. Students who
lived outside Community College District 502 that have changed their residency
to an in-district address must provide proof to receive the in-district tuition
rate.


PROOF OF RESIDENCY

One document must be provided from the list below to change residency from
out-of-district or out-of-state to in-district. The document must be dated
within the last 30 days prior to the term start and include the student’s name
and address on each original form. The item of proof must demonstrate that the
student lived in an in-district address for at least 30 days leading up to the
beginning of the start of the 16-week session.  Residency adjustments will not
be considered for the current term after the Last Day to Add a Course with
Instructor Permit for the 16-week sessions (see the Enrollment Calendar
[/student-services/important-dates.aspx] for current dates). Students who obtain
residence in District 502 for reasons other than attending College of DuPage are
exempt from the thirty (30) day requirement if they provide documentation of a
verifiable interest in establishing permanent residency.


PROOF OF IN-DISTRICT ADDRESS**

 1.  Valid Driver’s License, State ID or TVDL (Temporary Visitor Driver’s
     License)
 2.  Current lease (signed by both lessee and lessor with contact phone number
     for verification) along with a copy of cancelled check used for rent
     payment.
 3.  Real Estate Closing Package.
 4.  *Bank or Credit Card Statement.
 5.  *Utility Bills (electric, water, refuse, telephone land/cell, cable or
     gas).
 6.  *Current Insurance Policy.
 7.  *Insurance Billing Statement (Medical, Auto or Home).
 8.  Current Vehicle Registration Card
 9.  Current Property Tax Bill
 10. Paycheck stub.

*Students may submit an official online printout of these documents as long as
they are printed directly from the institution’s website. The printout must not
be redacted and include ALL pages.

** The item of proof must demonstrate that the student lived in an in-district
address for at least 30 days prior to the beginning of the start of the 16-week
session.

Submit documentation in person to the Office of Student Registration Services,
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2221, or via email to registration@cod.edu
[registration@cod.edu] from their @dupage email address.


OUT-OF-DISTRICT RESIDENT

Students are classified as out-of-district if their home is within the state of
Illinois but outside the College of DuPage district. Students are charged
tuition [https://cod.edu/costs/tuition/index.aspx] according to the
out-of-district tuition rate.


OUT-OF-STATE RESIDENT

Students are classified as out-of-state if they have not occupied a dwelling
within the State of Illinois for at least thirty (30) days prior to the
beginning of the term are classified as out-of-state and are charged tuition
[/costs/tuition/index.aspx] according to the out-of-state tuition rate.


INTERNATIONAL RESIDENT

Students whose permanent residence is outside the United States and who wish to
attend College of DuPage while on a student visa, other visa, or visa waiver
program that permits them to attend college while in the United States, are
classified as international residents. Students are charged tuition
[/costs/tuition/index.aspx] according to the out-of-state tuition rate.


RESIDENTS OF DISTRICT 502 BORDER COMMUNITIES

Only a portion of the following communities are located within College of
DuPage/Community College District 502
[/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/district_502.aspx]:

 * Aurora
 * Bolingbrook
 * Brookfield
 * Carol Stream
 * Elk Grove Village
 * Hanover Park
 * Plainfield
 * Roselle
 * West Chicago
 * Willow Springs

Upon applying to College of DuPage, students residing in these communities will
be marked as out-of-district and charged tuition
[/costs/tuition/index.aspx] according to the out-of-district tuition rate.

To find out whether you reside in district, contact Student Registration
Services (SSC), Room 2221, (630) 942-2377. If it is determined that your address
is within district lines, your status will be changed to in district and your
account will be rebilled to the in-district rate.


SPECIAL RESIDENCY CLASSIFICATIONS


EMPLOYED FULL-TIME (35+ HOURS) IN-DISTRICT

Students whose legal residence is outside Community College District 502, but
are employed for a minimum of 35 scheduled hours per week within District 502,
may be entitled to receive the in-district tuition rate. Tuition adjustments
will not be considered after mid-term (Enrollment Calendar
[/student-services/important-dates.aspx]).

To be considered for the work in district residency classification, a student
must provide the two documents each semester requesting in-district tuition:

 * A letter from the employer located within District 502.

The letter must:
Be produced on official company letterhead. Include the company name,
in-district address, email address and phone number (phone number will be used
to verbally verify employment).

Include the student's name, address and College of DuPage student ID number.

Include a start date with the company (Note: student must have begun working on
or before the start of the academic term).

Include a statement indicating that the student is a full-time employee working
a minimum of 35 regular scheduled hours per week, signed and dated by a
supervisor, owner, or human resources representative of the company.

 * A copy of a recent pay stub or earnings statement issued by the company to
   the student and dated within 30 days.

Students can submit the letter and pay stub in person, by email, through mail,
or via fax to the Office of Student Registration Services (see Contact
Information below) during the term of request (will not be considered after
midterm). The final determination on residency status will be made by the Office
of Student Registration Services.





CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Registration Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2221
Phone: (630) 942-2377
Email: registration@cod.edu [registration@cod.edu]

Regular Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Student Help Desk: (630) 942-2999

Individuals who need language assistance, call Campus Central at (630) 942-3000
or email campuscentral@cod.edu [campuscentral@cod.edu].



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/registration/district-502-residency.pcf]