https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/music/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student playing an instrument
[/_resources/img/hero/student-recital-instrument-music-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Music Program


MUSIC PROGRAM

The Music program provides an array of possibilities for undergraduate music
majors, community members and college students. Students have the opportunity to
study music appreciation, theory, aural skills, literature, world music,
American music, music business and digital recording techniques.

The program offers the first two years a general education music degree program
including musicianship sequences in theory and ear training and a sequence of
four class piano courses designed for non-pianists. Applied lessons on most
instruments and on a variety of music ensembles are offered to meet performance
requirements.

Performing groups are open to all students regardless of major, and include
Concert Choir, Jazz Choir, Chamber Singers, Community Jazz Ensemble, DuPage
Chorale, DuPage Community Band, Chamber Orchestra, Small Group Jazz, Percussion
Ensemble and Guitar Ensemble.

The integration of performance and academics helps students prepare for the
professional world of music as performing artists, educators or hobbyists. Music
courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/music/] are available in digital
recording and editing, music theory and history.


PRIVATE MUSIC LESSONS

In addition to degrees and certificates in music business
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/music-business-aas/], audio
production
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/audio-production-certificate/]and
music [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/afa-music/], COD offers
private lessons [https://atthemac.org/private-lessons/] in guitar, piano, organ,
voice and all traditional band and orchestra instruments. Study one-on-one with
professionals who perform with diverse groups such as the Chicago Symphony
Orchestra, Lyric Opera of Chicago and Pearl Jam.

Every instructor holds an advanced degree in performance and pedagogy. All
styles of music are represented, including classical, jazz, blues, and
contemporary. Lessons are available for all ages and ability levels. For lessons
for academic credit, contact Thomas Stark at (630) 942-2391 or email
starkt1620@cod.edu. [starkt1620@cod.edu] For non-credit lessons, contact
Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx] at (630)
942-2208.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

A music degree offers numerous employment opportunities in both the private and
public sectors.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are taking music classes for enjoyment or planning to earn a degree
in music and transfer to another institution, COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with experience in the classroom and on stage. Faculty
   are considered among the most respected in the Chicago area and nationally. 
 * Instruction in our state-of-the-art facilities using all of the latest
   resources.
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Degrees


ASSOCIATE IN FINE ARTS DEGREE - MUSIC

The Associate of Fine Arts (AFA) degree in Music
[https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-fine-arts-degree-music/#text]
is a two year program that emphasizes music theory, aural skills, and
performance. Many students who earn the A.F.A. transfer their credits to a music
conservatory or liberal arts college and pursue careers in music education,
performance, composition, music therapy and conducting. 


ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE - MUSIC BUSINESS

The Music Business Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/music-business-aas/] degree is a
curriculum designed to prepare students for careers in music industry. The
degree is designed for students interested in pursuing business opportunities
involving music. This program combines elements of the traditional music
curriculum with business, marketing, management, and music industry courses.

Certificates


AUDIO PRODUCTION

The Audio Production certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/audio-production-certificate/] is
intended for individuals interested in professional music production. This
includes careers in live sound, audio recording, radio and television production
and internet production.


COD STORIES

Amy Beth Kirsten [/about/stories/students/images/amy_beth_kirsten.jpg]

"I was lucky to have experiences early on in my development, like at COD, which
gave me the confidence to keep going.” - Amy Beth Kirsten

Amy Beth's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kirsten.aspx]


COD STORIES

David Shere [/about/stories/students/images/david_shere.jpg]

“The music faculty members at COD are world-class teachers, but more importantly
they are genuinely caring people who want you to succeed.” - David Shere

David's COD Story [/about/stories/students/shere.aspx]


COD STORIES

Melissa Wang [/about/stories/students/images/melissa_wang.jpg]

“The professors provide incredibly valuable musical opportunities." - Melissa
Wang

Melissa's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wang.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bella Kelly [/_resources/img/stories/honors-bella-kelly.jpg]

"I loved being in classes at COD with people of all ages. I hope when I’m
retired, I come back and take classes and keep learning about everything.” -
Bella Kelly

Bella's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kelly_bella.aspx]


COD STORIES

Leah Pogwizd [/about/stories/students/images/leah_pogwizd.jpg]

“You have the freedom to explore a lot of different things, but you’re still
required to develop competency in key areas.” - Leah Pogwizd

Leah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/pogwizd.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in music is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Audio Production, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/audio-production-certificate/]
 * Music Business, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/music-business-aas/]
 * Music, Associate in Fine Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/music/afa-music/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in General Education Music Survey courses (Music
Appreciation, Intro to American Music, Introduction to World Music, and Music
Literature) will:

 * Demonstrate an understanding of basic musical terminology in relation to the
   music studied.
 * Demonstrate improved listening skills, through an awareness of the elements
   of music.
 * Recognize the major stylistic traits of selected musical traditions,
   cultures, and/or historical eras.
 * Demonstrate an appreciation for live musical performance through attendance
   at relevant musical events.

Students who complete courses in Skill development— music core curriculum:
(Music Theory, Aural Skills, Class Piano, and Recording Techniques) will:

Music Core

 * Use their knowledge of musical elements (such as notation, melody, harmony,
   form, rhythm, and compositional craft) to analyze and create musical examples
   and compositions.
 * Demonstrate aural skills, including rhythmic, melodic, and harmonic
   dictation, sight singing, and solfeggio.
 * Demonstrate basic keyboard skills, through the performance of scales,
   technical exercises, and prepared pieces.
 * Demonstrate an appreciation for live musical performance through attendance
   at relevant musical events.

Related Professional Expertise

 * Demonstrate the ability to produce recorded and mixed sound projects.
 * Comprehend and negotiate contracts and engage in business planning as
   appropriate for musicians and administrative or managerial personnel working
   directly with musicians

Students who complete courses in Applied Music (Includes private lessons, group
lessons, and ensembles) will:

 * Demonstrate improved vocal or instrumental skills acquired during the
   semester through private lessons and/or participation in an ensemble.
 * Perform in at least one public concert or before a faculty jury (2 credit
   hour students must participate, 1 credit hour students may participate)
 * Demonstrate a basic knowledge of the form, style, history, aesthetic, and
   text (if applicable) of the repertoire being prepared.

 




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several music transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/music.aspx] in place with four-year colleges and
universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Music Program [/academics/programs/music/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/music/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/music/index.pcf]