https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/philosophy/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Philosophy professor teaching while sitting on his desk, smiling
[/_resources/img/hero/philosophy-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Philosophy and Religious Studies


PHILOSOPHY AND RELIGIOUS STUDIES PROGRAM

The Philosophy and Religious Studies program offers introductory and specialized
courses that explore the development of human ideas and values. Philosophy
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/philo/] and religious studies
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/relig/] courses are based on the objective
study of the history, literature, beliefs and cultural development of philosophy
and religious systems, individually and comparatively. Faculty members relate
course subjects to everyday issues.

Courses serve as a foundation for continuing study at a four-year college or
institution, for meeting Humanities and International Studies General Education
requirements for an Associate's Degree and for personal enrichment. The courses
apply to all career fields that students might choose and provide background for
any field of study that requires critical and creative thinking.

The basic philosophy course Introduction to Philosophy, introduces the study of
knowledge, reality and human conduct. Ethics addresses principal moral theories,
concepts and principles and logic deals with basic rules and systems of logic.
Specialty philosophy courses offered at least once every two years include
Biomedical Ethics, Business Ethics, Critical Thinking, Environmental Ethics,
Social and Political Philosophy, History of Philosophical Ideas and history and
philosophy of education, science and art.

Comparative and World Religions covers the major ideas from the world's
religions. Introduction to Religion examines a variety of cultural religious
phenomena. Other courses include Introduction to the Old and New Testament,
Asian Thought and selected topics in religious studies.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The Philosophy and Religious Studies program is for students interested in
philosophy and want to transfer to a four-year school or students interested in
law school.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities.
 * An enhanced 2+2 partnership between College of DuPage and Elmhurst College
   allowing you to earn your Associate in Arts and Bachelor of Arts degrees at a
   significantly reduced cost.

Degrees


PHILOSOPHY AND RELIGIOUS STUDIES TRANSFER PATHWAY

The Philosophy and Religious Studies Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/philosophy/philosophy-transfer-pathway-aa/#text]
represents a typical course schedule/sequence for a student planning to complete
the Associate in Arts degree within two years, then transfer and major in a
specific discipline. 

The Philosophy and Religious Studies pathway is one possible combination of
classes you can take to earn your degree in the concentration you choose. 


RELIGIOUS STUDIES TRANSFER PATHWAY

The Religious Studies Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/religious-studies/religious-studies-transfer-pathway-aa/]represents
a typical course schedule/sequence for a student planning to complete the
Associate in Arts degree within two years, then transfer and major in a specific
discipline. 

The Religious Studies pathway is one possible combination of classes you can
take to earn your degree in the concentration you choose. 


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in philosophy and religious studies is to
apply for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Philosophy Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/philosophy/philosophy-transfer-pathway-aa/]
 * Religious Studies Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/religious-studies/religious-studies-transfer-pathway-aa/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in the Philosophy or Religious Studies disciplines
will:


READING & COMPREHENDING PHILOSOPHICAL AND RELIGIOUS STUDIES TEXTS

 * Grappling with primary texts
 * Grasping key terms and concepts
 * Attributing works/arguments to persons and eras


CONSTRUCTING/COMMUNICATING ARGUMENTS

 * Recognizing argument structure
 * Constructing appropriate arguments
 * Clearly presenting arguments (especially in writing)


CRITICAL THINKING

 * Identifying one's own assumptions
 * Showing awareness of breadth and diversity
 * Analyzing content and structure of materials
 * Evaluating merits of claims and ideas




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several philosophy and religious studies transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/philosophy.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


COD STORIES

Sylvia Morna Freitas [/about/stories/students/images/sylvia_morna_freitas.jpg]

“Whether you’re getting a two-year degree or planning for more, starting at COD
can save you tens of thousands. Also, don’t be afraid or intimidated to apply
for scholarships. Apply! Apply! Apply!” - Sylvia Morna Freitas

Sylvia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/freitas.aspx]


COD STORIES

Anna Gorman [/about/stories/students/images/anna_gorman.jpg]

“I had other options for college, but I knew that I wanted to get involved with
clubs and organizations, be able to work and not sacrifice my academics. COD
allowed me to do all of this as well as helped me grow and mature.” - Anna
Gorman

Anna's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gorman.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jessica LaPlante [/about/stories/students/images/jessica_laplante.jpg]

“I would like to encourage students to research and take advantage of
scholarship opportunities. It has certainly paid off in my own case, as the Jack
Kent Cooke Foundation enabled me to pursue undergraduate and graduate work
debt-free while offering a supportive community to help keep me on track.” -
Jessica LaPlante

Jessica's COD Story [/about/stories/students/laplante.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact Philosophy and Religious Studies
[/academics/programs/philosophy/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/philosophy/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/philosophy/index.pcf]