https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/surgical-tech/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Surgical Technology student washing hands
[/_resources/img/hero/surgical_hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Surgical Technology


SURGICAL TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

Surgical technologists are integral members of a surgical team who work closely
with surgeons, anesthesiologists, registered nurses and other surgical
personnel. Surgical technologists set up the operating room, prepare
instruments, assisting in their use and prepare prepare patients for surgery. 

Surgical Technology program courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/surgt/]
teach students how to deliver patient care and perform tasks that ensure a safe
surgical environment that help contribute and support an operating team's
efficiency. Coursework includes both classroom and clinical instruction to
expose students to a variety of surgical settings.

In order to register, students must follow the registration checklist located in
the Surgical Technology Registration Packet. Students are required to attend the
Surgical Technology Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf] within a 12-month
period prior to reserving placement in the next available Surgical Technology
cohort.

The Surgical Technology Program Policy and Procedures Manuals outline the
professional and ethical standards you will need to follow while enrolled in the
program.


REGISTRATION INFORMATION

Prospective students must follow specific registration criteria before being
admitted into the program and follow the registration checklist located in the
Surgical Technology Registration Packet:

 * Fall 2023 Packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/surg_tech_fall.pdf]
 * Spring 2024 Packet
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/surg_tech_spring.pdf]



First Step to Register – Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Surgical technologists are employed in hospital operating rooms, delivery rooms,
cast rooms, emergency departments and clinics. 

Why CODDegreesMission Statement Accreditation and Outcomes
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/surgical-tech/contact.aspx]with
   years of professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities and equipment in the Health and
   Science Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx] (HSC).

Degrees


SURGICAL TECHNOLOGY, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Surgical Technology Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/surgical-technology/surgical-technology-aas/]degree
program introduces students to entry-level surgical technologist tasks.

Mission Statement

The primary purpose of the Surgical Technology program is to prepare competent
entry-level surgical technologists in the cognitive (knowledge), psychomotor
(skills), and affective (behavior) learning domains. The graduate will
demonstrate competency to meet national certification requirements, provide
skills that meet standard in patient care, and function as an essential member
of the health care and operating room team with knowledge and skilled
competence.

Accreditation and Outcomes


PROGRAM ACCREDITATION

The Surgical Technology program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation
of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP) [https://www.caahep.org/].


OUTCOMES ASSESSMENT EXAM RESULTS

Surgical Technology program graduates are eligible to sit for the National Board
of Surgical Technology and Surgical Assisting (NBSTSA) exam. 


CLASS SUCCESS RATE BY YEAR

2018

 * Retention rate: 24 initially enrolled, 2 dropped= 91%
 * CST Participation in Certification Exam: 22/22= 100%
 * CST Pass Rate in Certification Exam (first time): 19/22= 86%
 * Graduate Placement (in field, continuing education)= 19/22=86%
 * Employer Survey Return Rate: 16/22 = 72%

 * Employer Survey Satisfaction Rate: 16/16 = 100%
 * Graduate Survey Return rate: 22/22 = 100%
 * Graduate Survey Satisfaction Rate: 22/22 = 100% 

2017

 * Retention rate: 26 enrolled, 2 dropped= 92 %
 * CST Participation in Certification Exam: 24/24= 100%
 * CST Pass Rate in Certification Exam (first time): 21/24= 87%
 * Graduate Placement (in field, continuing education)= 21/24=87%
 * Employer Survey Return Rate: 15/20 = 75%

 * Employer Survey Satisfaction Rate: 15/15 = 100%
 * Graduate Survey Return Rate: 24/24 = 100%
 * Graduate Survey Satisfaction Rate: 24/24 = 100%

2016

 * Retention rate: 30 enrolled, 4 dropped = 86%
 * CST Participation in Certification Exam: 26/26=100%
 * CST Pass Rate in Certification Exam (first time): 25/26=96%
 * Graduate Placement (in field, continuing education) = 24/26=92%
 * Employer Survey Return rate=12/23=52%
 * Employer Survey Satisfaction rate=12/12=100%
 * Graduate Survey Return rate=14/26=53%
 * Graduate Survey Satisfaction rate= 14/14=100%

2015

 * Retention rate: 25 enrolled, 5 dropped; 20/25= 80%
 * CST Participation in Certification Exam: 20/20=100%
 * CST Pass Rate in Certification Exam (first time): 19/20=95%
 * Graduate Placement (in field, continuing education) = 15/20=75%
 * Employer Survey Return rate=10/14=71%
 * Employer Survey Satisfaction rate=10/10=100%
 * Graduate Survey Return rate=20/20=100%
 * Graduate Survey Satisfaction rate= 20/20=100%


COD STORIES

Victor Barron [/about/stories/students/images/victor_barron.jpg]

"College of DuPage is an excellent college and will help you achieve your goals.
Thanks to the career that I chose at COD, I have accomplished dreams that I
thought I would never reach." - Victor Barron

Victor's COD Story [/about/stories/students/barron.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ali Paquette [/about/stories/students/images/ali-paquette.jpg]

"The Surgical Technology program itself is very structured, but it was helpful
being able to complete all my other pre-reqs around my schedule to get into the
program." - Ali Paquette

Ali's COD Story [/about/stories/students/paquette.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ryan Carr [/about/stories/students/images/ryan-carr.jpg]

"If you want to help people in an awesome way, being a surgical technologist is
a great career. You help patients in a unique way that is very rewarding, and
you are a key to a successful team." - Ryan Carr

Ryan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/ryan-carr.aspx]


COD STORIES

Keri Dorushka [/about/stories/students/images/keri_dorushka.jpg]

"The Surgical Technology program at COD is very good at giving you the training,
since we did class work along with lab work to prepare you for that first day in
the operating room.” - Keri Dorushka

Keri's COD Story [/about/stories/students/dorushka.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Surgical Technology program is to read
the Surgical Technology Registration Packet. The packet contains a registration
checklist that you will need to follow in order to register.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/surgical-tech/program-costs.aspx]



 

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Surgical Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/surgical-technology/surgical-technology-aas/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Surgical Technology Program graduates will:

 * Correlate the knowledge of anatomy, physiology, pathophysiology, and
   microbiology to their role as a Surgical Technologist.
 * Demonstrate a safe and professional level of practice and knowledge in their
   role as a Surgical Technologist.
 * Acquire an understanding of the ethical, legal, moral, and medical values
   related to the patient and the surgical team during the perioperative
   experience.
 * Correlate the elements, action, and use of medications and anesthetic agents
   used during the perioperative experience
 * Implement safe practice techniques in regards to perioperative routines,
   patient transportation, positioning, and emergency procedures.
 * Integrate principles of surgical asepsis as part of the perioperative
   experience.
 * Accurately apply knowledge and skills of a professional Surgical Technologist
   to address the biopsychosocial needs of the surgical patient.
 * Perform proficiently and competently as an entry-level surgical technologist
   in the cognitive, psychomotor, and affective learning domains
 * Value the professional attributes of the Surgical Technologist




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several surgical technology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/surgical-technology.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


THE CAREER READY PODCAST

Careers in Surgical Technology

In today’s episode Michelle interviews Anna Campbell, Assistant Professor, at
College of DuPage. They discuss the career possibilities within surgical
technology along with skills needed to succeed in the profession. Tips to get
started are also shared in addition to what the program has to offer its
students at College of DuPage. Learn More
[https://thecareerreadypodcast.buzzsprout.com/2036690/13023398-careers-in-surgical-technology]


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Surgical
Technology program.

Is surgical technology for me?

The surgical technology field is for you if you have an assertive personality,
are able to stand for long periods of time and have good manual dexterity. It is
also beneficial if you can multitask, are organized and detail-oriented.

 

What skills will I need for the surgical technology field?

In order to be a surgical technologist, you will need knowledge of basic
surgical instrumentation and equipment, knowledge of aseptic techniques and
knowledge of surgical procedures, anatomy, physiology and medical terminology.

What is the work atmosphere like for a surgical technologists?

Surgical technologists work in a variety of locations including an operating
room of acute care facilities or surgical centers, obstetrics department of
acute care or sterile processing area.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Surgical Technology Program
[/academics/programs/surgical-tech/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/surgical-tech/current-students.aspx]



Surgical Technology Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/surg_tech_spring.pdf]


SURGICAL TECHNOLOGY LABS

Modal Image Opens to lightbox video - operating room
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/video/surgical-tech-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/Eb-9vBUoDP0?rel=0

Join Surgical Tech Program Chair Anna Campbell to find out what you could learn
inside these state-of-the-art laboratories.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/surgical-tech/index.pcf]