https://www.cod.edu/costs/scholarships/scholars_awards.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

scholars awards image
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-scholarship-female-student-smiling.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Scholarships
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/scholarships/]Scholars Awards


SCHOLARS AWARDS

The Scholars Award Program is College of DuPage's premier merit-based
scholarship program for 2022-2023 high school graduates. Scholarships are
awarded based on a holistic review of all scholarship materials. Applicants
should try to highlight why they stand out on their Scholars Award application.


ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS

When students apply for the Scholars Award Program, they are evaluated based on
their cumulative GPA, academic rigor and their answer to the Scholars Award
essay question. Graduating high school seniors who live in District 502 or
attend a District 502 high school are welcome to apply. 


APPLICATION CRITERIA

 * Must be a current high school senior who lives in District 502 and attends a
   U.S. high school or a current high school senior who lives out of District
   502 but attends a high school in District 502.
   * To determine if you are in-district, review the District 502 map
     [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/district_502.aspx]. Note that
     only portions of communities listed with an asterisk (*) are in District
     502. Refer to the property taxes of the home or contact the Office of
     Student Registration Services at (630) 942-2377.
 * Minimum 3.5 GPA/4.0 Scale or 4.37 GPA/5.0 Scale (weighted or unweighted).
 * Strong writing skills as demonstrated through the Scholars Award Program
   essay prompt.


STEPS TO APPLY

 1. Complete the General Admissions application to College of DuPage at
    admissions.cod.edu
    [https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE].
 2. Complete the general application on the Academic Works Scholarship Portal
    [https://cod.academicworks.com/] using your myACCESS username and password.
 3. Complete the College of DuPage Scholars Award supplemental application on
    Academic Works Scholarship Porta [https://cod.academicworks.com/]l.
 4. When submitting the application on Academic Works, make sure to submit the
    following:
    * Unofficial or official high school transcript (sixth semester for fall
      deadline, seventh semester transcript for spring deadline.)
    * An essay that addresses the prompt question in 1 to 2 pages.
 5. Contact scholarsaward@cod.edu [scholarsaward@cod.edu] if you have any
    questions about the application process.


SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILABLE

Once students complete the Scholars Award application, they may be offered one
of our three Scholars Awards. Scholarships are awarded based on the
recommendations of the Scholars Award Committee.  

 1. Presidential Scholars Award
    Covers up to 64 credit hours of in-district tuition at College of DuPage.
 2. Board of Trustees Scholars Award
    $2,500 award ($1,250 per semester). Renewed annually for up to four
    semesters.
 3. Deans Scholars Award
    $1,000 award ($500 per semester). Renewed annually for up to four
    semesters. 


TIMELINE TO APPLY

 * Spring Deadline: May 31

Once a student is awarded one of the three Scholars Awards, they must accept
their position in the program by June 30. Details about how to accept a Scholars
Award will be provided in the acceptance letter and email.


APPLICATION VIDEO

student holding a scholars award sign
[/_resources/img/video/scholars-award-student.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/LCnrPnrJfcE?rel=0

Watch the video to learn how to apply for the Scholars Award or follow the steps
below.


IMPORTANT NOTES FOR SCHOLAR APPLICANTS

 * All communication will be sent to the COD student email. It is the
   responsibility of the student to stay updated on all communication.
 * Students that have already established a COD GPA (e.g., Dual Credit or Early
   Admission), the COD GPA will be considered for review. If the students GPA
   falls below the required 3.5 GPA, the student may be at risk of losing their
   scholarship after the first semester.
 * Students will only be awarded once. Students that apply and are awarded
   during the priority deadline, will not be reviewed and awarded for the final
   deadline. Students that anticipate their GPA to be higher once 7th semester
   grades are posted are encouraged to apply during the regular deadline.
 * The scholars award covers in-district tuition for two consecutive academic
   years. The scholarship will not be extended if students take coursework
   beyond this timeframe.
 * Students that are graduating early in December are encouraged to apply for
   the priority deadline. Early grad students that are awarded during the
   priority deadline will be allowed to use funds for spring semester (January).


MAINTAINING THE SCHOLARS AWARD

In order to maintain the Scholars Award, you must: 

 1. Be enrolled full-time (minimum 12 credit hours) pursuing a degree or
    certificate program.
 2. Maintain a 3.5 GPA while at College of DuPage.
 3. Meet with an assigned academic advisor prior to registering for classes each
    semester.
 4. Presidential Scholars Award Recipients Only: Complete 20 hours of approved
    volunteer service during the first year of the scholarship.

NOTE: If a student fails to comply with the above requirements, they will no
longer be considered a part of the Scholars Award Program. The student would
then be responsible for payment, in full, of all tuition after that semester.
Note that the Scholars Award cannot be reinstated even should the student
achieve a cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher in the future.

Contact scholarcounselors@cod.edu [scholarcounselors@cod.edu]if you have
questions about maintaining your award.

Student Advising and Registration SessionsScholars Award Benefits
Student Advising and Registration Sessions

At the Scholars Award Student Advising and Registration Sessions, students meet
with the Scholars Award Counselors, learn more about the program requirements,
register for classes and setup payment plans (if awarded the Board of Trustees
or Deans Scholarships). 

Students will be sent more information about the Scholars Award Student Advising
and Registration Sessions once they've accepted their award online. Students are
required to attend these registration sessions as part of the requirements of
the Scholars Award program. 

Scholars Award Benefits

There are many benefits of being a Scholar at College of DuPage. In addition to
being awarded a Scholars Award scholarship, students will be invited to join the
College of DuPage Honors Program, qualify to earn membership to the Phi Theta
Kappa Honor Society, and participate in unique Student Life opportunities.


HONORS PROGRAM

Students who accept their Presidential, Board of Trustees or Deans Scholarship
are invited to enroll in the College of DuPage Honors Program
[/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/index.aspx]. The Honors Program is a
vibrant community of students and faculty dedicated to academic excellence. The
program offers many benefits, including: honors sections of required courses and
electives, small class sizes, extra-curricular activities and events, honors
recognition on the transcript, and transfer scholarship opportunities
[/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/scholarships.aspx].

There is no application to participate in the Honors Program. Students will work
with their counselor through the Office of Counseling, Advising and Transfer
Services to determine what courses are a good fit for their academic plan.


PHI THETA KAPPA HONOR SOCIETY

The Phi Beta Chapter of Phi Theta Kappa is an international award-winning honor
society at College of DuPage. Phi Theta Kappa is the only honor society who has
the distinction of being named the official honor society for two-year colleges
by the American Association of Community Colleges. For more information on the
overall organization and benefits of memberships you can visit Phi Theta
Kappa's website [https://www.ptk.org/about/why-join/].

For students that receive the Presidential Scholars Award, they may be eligible
for automatic membership to Phi Theta Kappa, for which the $80 membership will
be waived.


STUDENT LIFE

Michael Santana accepting diploma
[/_resources/img/video/presidential-scholar-santana.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/kwJkaORYPGg?rel=0

Both Michael Santana and his sister, Isabel Santana are COD Presidential
Scholars. As Scholars Awards recipients, graduating students who complete the
Scholars Awards are recognized at the spring Celebration of Academic Excellence.

 


COD STORIES

Teal Ruseau [/about/stories/students/images/teal_russeau.jpg]

"Looking back, I am incredibly grateful for this opportunity and I would not
change anything about my COD journey if I could." - Teal Russeau

Teal's COD Story [/about/stories/students/russeau.aspx]


COD STORIES

Molly Heinz [/about/stories/students/images/molly_heinz.jpg]

"I really cannot stress enough how incredible the Honors program is. The courses
are challenging but manageable, and the professors are funny, engaging and
really make you think." - Molly Heinz

Molly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/heinz.aspx]


COD STORIES

Mason Monen [/about/stories/students/images/mason_monen.jpg]

"Without question, this scholarship has been the most humbling and honoring
experience of my life. I must have read the congratulations letter a million
times in total disbelief. To this very day, it all seems like some kind of
dream." - Mason Monen

Mason's COD Story [/about/stories/students/monen.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ikram Isa [/about/stories/students/images/ikram-isa.jpg]

"I absolutely love how COD gives students the space and resources to take
initiative, be creative and get involved in the community of the school." -
Ikram Isa

Ikram's COD Story [/about/stories/students/ikram_isa.aspx]


COD STORIES

Michael Amato-Montanero
[/about/stories/students/images/michael-amato-montanaro.jpg]

"This scholarship allowed me to dedicate more time to my schoolwork and
extracurricular pursuits that I otherwise would have spent working, and it will
help me graduate college without debt." - Michael Amato-Montanaro

Michael's COD Story [/about/stories/students/amato-montanaro.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Explore More Scholarship OpportunitiesVisit the COD Scholarship Portal
[https://cod.academicworks.com/]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/scholarships/scholars_awards.pcf]