https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/cna/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students working in a mock lab at cod [/_resources/img/hero/cna-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Certified Nursing Assistant
Program


CERTIFIED NURSING ASSISTANT PROGRAM

The Certified Nursing Assistant Training Program (CNATP) prepares students for
employment as entry-level certified nurse assistants (CNA) through a combination
of classroom and clinical education. The CNA course
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/nursa/] emphasizes basic nursing assistant
skills and related knowledge and can be completed in one semester.

CNA students will learn infection control measures, how to provide safe care for
patients and how to observe a patient's wellbeing in order to provide the best
comfort and patient care. After completion of the six-credit hour course,
students are eligible to earn a Certified Nursing Assistant Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/nursing-assistant/certified-nursing-assistant-cna-certificate/]and
be eligible to take the certification competency exam in Illinois to become a
CNA and be recognized on the Illinois Health Care Worker Registry. The exam is
managed and approved by the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH). 

The CNA program serves a stepping stone for many students who want to continue
their education in the nursing profession and earn an Associate Degree in
Nursing. [/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx] 


REGISTRATION INFORMATION

Prospective students must follow specific registration criteria before being
admitted into the program and follow the registration checklist located in the
CNA Registration Packet:

 * Spring 2024 Registration Packet - check back for packet



First Step to Register - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

CNAs work in long-term care, hospitals, home health agencies, rehabilitation and
hospice. Routine care is administered by the nursing assistant under the direct
supervision of a nurse.

Why CODCertificate
Why COD

Whether you are looking to get your feet wet and learn what it is like to be a
nursing assistant, College of DuPage can help get you started. COD offers:

 * Passionate instructors with years of working in the nursing field.
 * Fully-equipped lab at the Westmont Regional Center.
 * A high CNA competency examination pass rate. Over 96 percent of students who
   take the CNA certification exam pass successfully. 
 * The opportunity to continue the program and earn an Associate Degree in
   Nursing [/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx]at COD. 

Certificate


CERTIFIED NURSING ASSISTANT

The Certified Nursing Assistant, Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/nursing-assistant/certified-nursing-assistant-cna-certificate/]meets
the guidelines set by federal and state government. Upon successful completion
of the program students are eligible to take the certification competency exam
in Illinois to become a CNA.


NURSE ASSISTANT TRAINING PROGRAM

Learn more about the CNA program and hear from graduates who have entered the
nursing field.




GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the CNA program is to read the registration
packet, review the Advising Session PowerPoint
[/academics/programs/cna/pdf/online-cna-advising-slides.pdf] and attend an
advising session. The packet contains a registration checklist that you will
need to follow in order to be eligible for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/cna/program-costs.aspx]




COD STORIES

Bailey Svoboda [/about/stories/students/images/bailey-svoboda.jpg]

"I fell in love with patient care almost instantly and knew it was what I was
meant to do in this world. After a few years of feeling confused on what my path
was supposed to be, I was finally certain and moved forward full speed ahead." -
Bailey Svoboda

Bailey's COD Story [/about/stories/students/svoboda.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Certified Nursing Assistant, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/nursing-assistant/certified-nursing-assistant-cna-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

CNA program graduates will:

 * Perform as a valued member of the health care team within the approved scope
   of practice allowed for a nursing assistant
 * Demonstrate safety, medical asepsis, and awareness of patient/resident rights
 * Identify methods for controlling the spread of infection
 * Demonstrate the principles of basic human anatomy and physiology
 * Define medical terms and abbreviations
 * Compile data necessary for the health care team to make informed decisions
   regarding the appropriate care plan for the health care consumer
 * Evaluate patient's responses to the provided care
 * Describe the principles and role of the nurse assistant in rehabilitative and
   restorative care facilities
 * Identify the common diseases and physical changes associated with the
   geriatric population
 * List the needs of the dying patient and the role of the nurse assistant in
   delivering post-mortem care
 * Complete the Alzheimer's disease and related disorders protocol
 * Perform the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) mandated skills for a
   nurse assistant
 * Implement holistic patient care based on the skills required by the State of
   Illinois for a nurse assistant
 * Demonstrate skills in the nursing care plan established for the patient
 * Perform in a manner appropriate of a nursing assistant when communicating
   with patients, visitors, instructors, and other team members
 * Perform within a legal and ethical framework based on patient rights as
   mandated in accordance with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
   Act (HIPAA) policies
 * Perform self-evaluation to ensure the highest level of quality patient care


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Certified Nursing
Assistant program.

I'm interested in your Certified Nursing Assistant Training Program, where do I
start/what do I do?

If you are new to College of DuPage, you should start by talking to an
Admissions Representative at (630) 942-2626. If you have taken classes here
before, you should start by completing the online Advising Session; these are
posted online [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf].

When do my health requirements need to be completed in order to register for the
CNA Program?

All health requirements must be completed before you can register for the
program. The QuantiFERON TB Gold test and drug screen must be completed
according to the dates posted in the registration packet.

If I have a composite 20 on my ACT, do I need to take the reading placement test
for the CNA Program?

 A composite 20 on the ACT will satisfy the reading requirement only.

My CNA certification has lapsed, how can I become re-certified?

If a nurse aide is in good standing with no findings of abuse, neglect or theft
and has not worked for pay in the nursing-related services for 12 consecutive
months or more, he/she may be able to re-certify by either retraining and
testing or testing only. Visit nurseaidetesting.com
[https://www.nurseaidetesting.com/] for recertification details.

Can I work as a CNA in Illinois if my certification is from another state?

Yes, as long as you meet the requirements set forth by the Illinois Department
of Public Health [http://www.idph.state.il.us/nar/cnafacts.htm].

 * Have been deemed competent on another state's registry for CNAs.
 * Meet Illinois CNA employer requirements

What age is required to participate in a Certified Nursing Assistant Training
Program (CNATP) in the state of Illinois?

Participants in an Illinois Department of Public Health approved CNATP must be
at least 16 years of age. Certain employers may not hire you until you are at
least 18.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the CNA Program [/academics/programs/cna/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/cna/current-students.aspx]



CNA Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/cna.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/cna/index.pcf]