https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/library-technology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student removing book from library shelf
[/_resources/img/hero/libraryinfo-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Library and Information
Technology Program


LIBRARY AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

The Library and Information Technology program at College of DuPage provides
fundamental and advanced education and practice that will enable you to enter
the workforce as library technical assistants.

Students will gain knowledge in a broad range of library and information
technology topics including acquisition of materials, cataloging and
classification, librarianship, library technology, public service and reference
and information.  

The program at combines classroom lectures, hands-on exercises and field trips.
An active advisory committee of local librarians assures that coursework
reflects the needs of library employers in the area. A required library
practicum [/academics/programs/library-technology/practicum.aspx] will also
provide you with crucial hands-on experience. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

In addition to museums, hospitals, businesses, and public libraries, librarians
also work in colleges, universities, and schools.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career as a library technical assistant or as a
librarian, planning to transfer to a four-year college or university or updating
your skills, COD has the right program for you.

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/library-technology/contact.aspx]
   with years of practical industry experience, certification and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities on state-of-the-art equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/libra/].
 * Articulated transfer agreements that provide students an affordable
   educational option with seamless transfers to prestigious universities.
 * An active advisory committee of local librarians that ensures the coursework
   reflects the needs of library employers in the area. 
 * A program that has been approved by the American Library Association in core
   competencies for Library Support Staff Certification
   [http://ala-apa.org/lssc].
 * An interactive LTA Club
   [/academics/programs/library-technology/current-students.aspx], exclusively
   for library and information technology students to visit local libraries,
   share job search strategies and more. 

Watch a video to learn more about Library and Information Technology.
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631872&node=9541371&a=104121597&autoplay=1]

Degrees


LIBRARY AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

The Library and Information Technology Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/library-information-technology/]degree
will prepare you for paraprofessional levels of library service.

Curriculum covers acquisition of materials, cataloging and classification,
librarianship, library technology, public services, reference and information,
workplace skills, reader’s advisory and other special topics classes. 

In addition to classroom requirements, a library practicum
[/academics/programs/library-technology/practicum.aspx] provides students with
real-world experience. Students are required to complete a minimum of 64 credits
of coursework, which includes 37 credits in library-related classes, 9 credits
in approved electives, and 18 to 22 credits in general education classes. 

Certificates


LIBRARY AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

The Library and Information Technology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/library-information-technology/] will
prepare you for paraprofessional levels of library service.

Students are required to complete 31 credits of coursework covering
librarianship, acquisition of materials, cataloging and classification, library
technology, public services, reference and information, workplace skills,
reader’s advisory or a special topics class.


COD STORIES

Marjorie Bonallo Luce [/about/stories/students/images/marjorie-bonallo-luce.jpg]

“This certainly wasn’t the education or workforce path I thought I would take.
But I wouldn’t change it for the world, because I’ve learned so much along the
way and feel much more prepared to apply for my dream job after I graduate." -
Marjorie Bonallo Luce

Marjorie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/luce.aspx]


COD STORIES

Angelina Kregg [/about/stories/students/images/angelina-kregg.jpg]

"For anyone considering College of DuPage, never think it’s too late.” -
Angelina Kregg

Angelina's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kregg.aspx]


COD STORIES

Amanda Hunhoff-Sepulveda
[/about/stories/students/images/amanda-hunhoff-sepulveda.jpg]

"The program allows me the flexibility to continue working part-time at the
library while still providing me a high-quality education that I need to be
successful in my new job.” - Amanda Hunhoff-Sepulveda

Amanda's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hunhoff-sepulveda.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bridget Tully [/about/stories/students/images/bridget-tully.jpg]

"My Developmental Psychology, Children’s Literature, and Intro to Libraries and
Info Age classes all helped me decide to become a children’s librarian. I am
passionate about child development and how the media, including books and TV
shows, affects them." - Bridget Tully

Bridget's COD Story [/about/stories/students/tully.aspx]


COD STORIES

Lori Lysik-Forney [/about/stories/students/images/lori_lysik_forney.jpg]

"COD helped me toward meeting my goals in education and for my career by
teaching me more about libraries. The courses are fun, the teachers are all nice
and understanding of busy schedules, and you get to meet a lot of great people.”
- Lori Lysik-Forney

Lori's COD Story [/about/stories/students/lysik-forney.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in library and information technology is to
apply for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Library and Information Technology Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/library-information-technology/]
 * Library and Information Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/library-information-technology/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Library and Information Technology Program graduates will:

 * Communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of the philosophy and values of
   librarianship.
 * Have an understanding of the four different types of libraries and the
   different services they provide.
 * Demonstrate knowledge of current library technologies such as website
   development, integrated library systems, and library databases.
 * Have an understanding of the Library Bill of Rights including ethics,
   privacy, and security issues.
 * Be prepared to respond to and understand diversity needs of library users.
 * Have an understanding of the functions of the departments and services in a
   library such as Public Services, Technical Services, and Youth Services




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several library and information technology transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/library-information-technology.aspx] in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Library and
Information Technology program.

Do I have to be accepted into the Library and Information Technology program?
No, there is not a separate application for the program. In order to take
Library and Information Technology classes, you need to fill out the application
for admission. [/admission/index.aspx]
Do I need to take Library and Information Technology 1101?

All library and information technology students must take Library and
Information Technology 1101, "Introduction to Libraries in the Information Age"
if you want to complete the program and receive a certificate or a degree. This
course is the prerequisite for all other library and information technology
courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/libra/]. It provides the necessary
introduction to libraries and library materials.

What are "selected topics" considered?

Library and Information Technology 1820 courses are "Selected Topics in
Librarianship." These courses are offered on an irregular basis and cover a wide
variety of subjects.

What if I already have my degree?

Half of the students enrolled in the Library and Information Technology program
have a bachelor's degree. Some students in the program also have master's
degrees. If you already have earned your degree, you will still find the program
challenging and interesting.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Library and Information Technology Program
[/academics/programs/library-technology/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/library-technology/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/library-technology/index.pcf]