https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student from the nuclear medicine program
[/_resources/img/hero/nuclearmedicine-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Nuclear Medicine Program


NUCLEAR MEDICINE PROGRAM

Nuclear medicine specialists help treat disease and image the body. In the
Diagnostic Medical Imaging Nuclear Medicine (DMIN) program at College of DuPage,
students learn skills necessary to produce high-quality diagnostic images of
patients.

Throughout the program, nuclear medicine students will learn how to:

 * Deliver compassionate patient care
 * Abstract data from patient records
 * Prepare, calculate and administer radiopharmaceuticals
 * Operate scanning equipment and perform computer acquisition
 * Analyze patient studies and assist physicians

The program is 15-months and includes nuclear medicine classes
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/dmin/] on clinical nuclear medicine and
procedures, nuclear physics, radiation detection with imaging and non-imaging
instrumentation, safety and biology, radioactive material regulations,
radiopharmacy, positron emission tomography, computer applications and patient
care. Students will spend three days per week at the clinical affiliate and two
days per week at the College.

Upon successful completion, students are eligible to sit for the certification
exams administered by the Nuclear Medicine Technology Certification Board
(NMTCB) and the American Registry of Radiologic Technologist (ARRT).


ADMISSIONS INFORMATION

In addition to enrolling at College of DuPage, students must also complete a
separate admissions process for this program. For more information, read through
the Nuclear Medicine Admissions Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/nuc_med.pdf].



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Nuclear medicine technologists prepare and administer radioactive drugs to
patients for imaging or treatment.

Why CODCertificatesProgram AccreditationGraduate OutcomesMission and Goals
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in nuclear medicine, planning to transfer
to a four-year college or university or changing career paths, COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible course schedules with day and evening classes, online learning and
   accelerated hybrid classes.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.

Certificates


NUCLEAR MEDICINE

The Nuclear Medicine Technology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-nuclear-medicine/nuclear-medicine-technology-certificate/]
involves clinical education. Upon successful completion of the program, students
are eligible for two certification boards: American Registry of Radiologic
Technologists (ARRT) and Nuclear Medicine Technologist Certification Board
(NMTCB). In addition, graduates must also obtain licensure in the State of
Illinois with IEMA (Illinois Emergency Management Agency).

Program Accreditation

The Nuclear Medicine program is accredited by the Joint Review Committee on
Education in Nuclear Medicine Technology [http://www.jrcnmt.org]. In 2005, there
were 100 accredited programs in the continental United States and Puerto Rico.
In addition, the following organizations recognize the COD Nuclear Medicine
program accreditation:

 * American College of Radiology
 * American Society for Clinical Laboratory Science
 * American Society of Clinical Pathologists
 * American Society of Radiologic Technologists
 * Society of Nuclear Medicine, Society of Nuclear Medicine - Technologist
   Section
 * American Medical Association

Graduate Outcomes


GRADUATE OUTCOMES REPORT

Graduate achievement data is an indicator of program effectiveness,
demonstrating the extent to which a program achieves its goals. The current
report on graduate achievement data, identified by program, is available on the
JRCNMT website.

 * Graduate Achievement Report
   [https://www.jrcnmt.org/students/graduate-achievement-data/]



jrcnmt logo
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/images/jrcnmt-logo.jpg]





Mission and Goals

The goal of the Nuclear Medicine Technology Advanced Certificate program is to
educate students with didactic, laboratory and clinical experiences in
preparation for a health career as a Nuclear Medicine Technologist. The graduate
will deliver compassionate care in the use of radiopharmaceuticals and imaging
techniques, and function as an integral member of the health care team with
competence and confidence.

Program policies and procedures have been designed to meet or exceed those
established by the Joint Review Committee on Education in Nuclear Medicine
Technology.


PROGRAM GOALS

 1. Educate competent and compassionate Nuclear Medicine Technologists, capable
    of functioning in any environment, within 15 months.
 2. Provide a complete, up-to-date competency-based curriculum.
 3. Prepare the student to think and act independently.
 4. Prepare the student for entry into the ever-changing Nuclear Medicine
    work environment.
 5. Prepare the student to achieve a satisfactory registry result on the
    American Registry of Radiologic Technologist (ARRT) and/or the Nuclear
    Medicine Certification Boards (NMTCB).
 6. Provide accurate student advisement to aid in student retention,
    course completion, program completion and possible future job placement.
 7. Provide opportunities for continuing education for Nuclear Medicine
    Technologists.


COD STORIES

Reid Nussbaum [/about/stories/students/images/reid_nussbaum.jpg]

“COD was very accommodating in helping me get the education I needed. The
program director even helped me get a clinical site that was closer to where I
lived so that I could get the experience necessary to succeed without having to
drive so far.” - Reid Nussbaum

Reid's COD Story [/about/stories/students/nussbaum.aspx]


COD STORIES

Brian Cairns [/about/stories/students/images/brian_cairns.jpg]

“Try and get multiple licenses like CT and MRI as well, because that will lead
to better job opportunities.” - Brian Cairns

Brian's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cairns.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

Get started in the Nuclear Medicine program by following the directions in the
admissions packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/nuc_med.pdf]. The packet
contains a checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible for
admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Nuclear Medicine Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-nuclear-medicine/nuclear-medicine-technology-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Diagnostic Medical Imaging – Nuclear Medicine Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate knowledge of written and oral communication
 * Demonstrate professionalism and compassion when interacting with patients
 * Demonstrate patient confidentiality and compliance with the all privacy
   standards according to institutional compliance of HIPAA (Health Insurance
   Portability and Accountability Act)
 * Demonstrate ability to provide basic nursing care and cardio-pulmonary
   resuscitation
 * Demonstrate appropriate actions for confirmation when a patient is presented
   for a nuclear medicine procedure
 * Demonstrate the ability to assess and describe patient clinical presentation
 * Demonstrate knowledge of anatomy and physiological function of specific
   organs or organ systems on a nuclear medicine image
 * Demonstrate knowledge of the pathological processes within the organs or
   organ systems being evaluated
 * Demonstrate departmental radiation safety and emergency procedures
 * Demonstrate knowledge of radiopharmaceuticals, their characteristics, and
   biodistribution that are used for specific nuclear medicine procedures
 * Demonstrate knowledge of identifying indications for nuclear medicine
   diagnostic and therapeutic procedures
 * Demonstrate the ability to identify and perform patient preparation
   requirements for specific diagnostic and therapeutic studies
 * Demonstrate ability to perform mathematical calculations of volume,
   concentration, and decay for specific radiopharmaceutical kit preparations,
   and patient doses
 * Demonstrate ability to operate radiation detection equipment: dose
   calibrators, survey meters, multichannel analyzers and thyroid probes
 * Demonstrate ability to operate specific clinical site imaging
   instrumentation: planar and tomographic
 * Demonstrate patient positioning as per protocols
 * Demonstrate ability in computer acquisition and processing of nuclear
   medicine planar and tomographic studies
 * Demonstrate ability to recognize anatomical landmarks that help identify the
   radiopharmaceuticals, normal variants, abnormal pathology and imaging
   protocols used in the acquisition
 * Demonstrate knowledge in any pitfalls, radiopharmacy techniques, dose
   administration, image acquisition, and specific processing of nuclear
   medicine procedures that will enhance or degrade the quality and diagnostic
   accuracy of a nuclear medicine procedure
 * Demonstrate the purpose and use of any necessary ancillary equipment required
   for a specific imaging or non-imaging procedure and demonstrate its operation
 * Demonstrate ability to perform departmental quality assurance (instruments
   and radiopharmaceuticals) as determined by the clinical instructor
 * Demonstrate the ability to prepare, dispense and administer
   radiopharmaceuticals orally or intravenously
 * Demonstrate ability to competently perform the following studies available
   per clinical rotation: radioactive material handling, storage, disposal and
   clean up, geiger mueller monitoring and area surveys, radioactive dose
   receipt and calibrations, removable contamination wipe testing, scintillation
   camera quality assurance, SPECT (single photon emission computerized
   tomography) camera operation, PET/CT(positron emission
   tomography/computerized tomography) operation and procedures, dose calibrator
   quality assurance, radiopharmacy procedures, nuclear procedures including but
   not limited to: in vitro, non-imaging, central nervous system, myocardial,
   endocrine, gastrointestinal, genitourinary, hepatobiliary, skeletal,
   respiratory, tumor and infection whole body studies, therapeutic studies, and
   pediatric studies
 * Demonstrate knowledge of personal radiation safety
 * Demonstrate the proper use of body mechanics in the guiding and/or assisting
   the patient to move to and from the standing position, wheelchair, or cart to
   the scanning table in a safe manner.
 * Demonstrate the ability to interact in a professional manner with other
   health care personnel involved in the care of the patient


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Nuclear Medicine
program.

What is nuclear medicine?

Nuclear medicine is a scientific and clinical discipline involving the
diagnostic and therapeutic use of radionuclides. Nuclear Medicine Technologists
help treat disease and image the body.

Nuclear medicine differs from other diagnostic imaging technologies because it
determines the presence of disease on the basis of biological changes rather
than changes in organ structure.

What does a nuclear medicine technologist do?

Nuclear medicine technologists have a wide range of responsibilities, including
patient care, abstracting data from patient records, calculating doses for In
Vivo and In Vitro studies, preparing and administering radiopharmaceuticals,
operating scanning equipment, performing computer acquisition and analysis of
patient studies, and assisting the physician when using radiopharmaceuticals.

How do I know if nuclear medicine is right for me?

Nuclear medicine technologists should be sensitive to patients' physical and
psychological needs. They must be able to pay attention to detail, follow
instructions and work as part of a team. In addition, operating complicated
equipment requires mechanical ability and manual dexterity. These professionals
must also be willing and able to spend much of the day on their feet.

There are several questions that might help determine whether a career in
nuclear medicine is right for you:

 1. Do I have a passion for helping others?
 2. Do I enjoy working with computer technology?
 3. Am I able to communicate well with others?
 4. Were math, biology and chemistry interesting classes for me in high school?

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Nuclear Medicine Program
[/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/current-students.aspx]



Nuclear Medicine Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/nuc_med.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/index.pcf]