https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students working together on a computer
[/_resources/img/hero/male-female-student-hallway-computer.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Information Technology Services
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/]Information
Technology Services Security


INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES SECURITY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Intelligent Message Filtering
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
 * Phishing
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]
 * Safeguarding Standards
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]


SECURITY NOTICES


MALWARE - “CRYPTOLOCKER RANSOMWARE”

Prevention: Do not open email attachments from senders you do not know or
attachment you do not understand as to why they were sent to you. If you own
personal devices make sure the anti-virus software is up to date.

A particularly nasty phishing scheme is making it way around the US and the
world and hooking unsuspecting users and downloading and executing malware on
your computer that restricts access to your computer files and gives you 72
hours (typically) to pay a ransom to get access back to your computer files,
etc.

The IT dept. is doing everything it can to keep it from getting to your inbox
and your computer, but you are the last line of defense. Remember security is
everyone’s business.

IF You Are Infected: If you get the following screen on your computer, shut it
down and disconnect it from the network immediately and call the IT Helpdesk
(ext. 4357).

Security Notice
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/images/security_notice.jpg]


ONLINE SECURITY MANAGEMENT TRAINING

The online security training video will emphasize the importance of protecting
sensitive data in your daily work routine and is also a review of the proper use
of the College computing infrastructure. The training will take approximately 20
minutes.

 * Training Video [/multimedia/video/smt.html] - After you have finished viewing
   the video, be sure to complete the "COD Security Management Training
   Acknowledgement" form [/it/helpdesk/smt/] to record your participation.
 * Contact the Employee Development Center (EDC) (EDC@cod.edu [edc@cod.edu] or
   ext. 3805) or the IT Helpdesk (helpdesk@cod.edu [helpdesk@cod.edu] or ext.
   4357) with any questions.

“Phishing” Scam - Like fishing, these increasingly sophisticated scams try to
“hook” you so that the scammers can “reel-in” your personal/private information.
Read more about "Phishing
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]".


SECURITY GUIDELINES

Electronic Mail and Electronic Communications Guidelines
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/pdf/electronic_communication_guidelines.pdf]

A guide for users of the College Electronic Communications Infrastructure

Summary of Electronic Mail and Electronic Communications Guidelines
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/pdf/electronic_communication_guidelines_summary.pdf]

A summary of the guide for users of the College Electronic Communications
Infrastructure

Privacy of Student, Faculty, Staff, and Alumni Nonpublic Information
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]

Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information (The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act) - A
guide for College Employees

The Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA) Compliance Plan for Combating
Unauthorized Distribution of Copyrighted Materials
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/pdf/higher_education_opportunity_act_plan.pdf]

The Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA) was signed into law on Aug. 14,
2008. Final regulations were issued on Oct. 29, 2009. Enforcement of the HEOA
provisions began July 1, 2010, and all colleges and universities are required to
make a good-faith effort at compliance.


COLLEGE-WIDE SENSITIVE DATA INCIDENT RESPONSE PLAN

The purpose of the College-Wide Sensitive Data Incident Response Plan (“The
Plan”) is to provide a well-defined, organized approach for handling any
potential unauthorized access/breach of sensitive data here at College of DuPage
(COD). The Plan identifies and describes the roles and responsibilities of the
Incident Response Team. The Plan also contains instruction on how the team is to
prepare and how The Plan is to be maintained. Also included in The Plan is the
contact information for every team member and other important personnel here at
the college. The College-Wide Sensitive Data Incident Response Team, under the
coordination of the Chief Security Officer, IT, is responsible for putting the
plan into action. Copies of the College-Wide Sensitive Data Incident Response
Plan are CONFIDENTIAL. Copies can be obtained by college staff, with the need to
know, by contacting Keith Conlee, conlee@cod.edu [conlee@cod.edu], x3055.


COMPUTER ACCOUNTS

COD MS Outlook Email Distribution Group Assignment Procedure
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/pdf/assignment_procedure.pdf]

An MS Outlook email ID is assigned to a default set of email distribution groups
when it is created. After creation your email ID may be assigned to other
existing email distribution groups depending on your job category and/or job
function. If needed, a new email distribution group may be requested. The email
distribution group assignment procedure
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/pdf/assignment_procedure.pdf] documents
how the college assigns email IDs to existing email distribution groups, and how
to request the creation or deletion of an email distribution group.

 * Setup SPAM Protection
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
   in Exchange


REFERENCES

For more information about College Guidelines, Federal Regulations, and Industry
Standards that the college and college staff must conform to, refer to the
following references. The college must comply with these guidelines,
regulations, and standards, or face liabilities including but not limited to
fines, and lost service capability. The IT Security Management function is
responsible for making sure compliance is met which includes technical
compliance, and staff training, awareness, and compliance demonstration.


FERPA (FAMILY EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS AND PROTECTION ACT)

Requires protection of education records. Learn More
[https://www2.ed.gov/policy/gen/reg/ferpa/]


PCI DSS (PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY DATA SECURITY STANDARD)

Requires the protection for all credit card information and transactions. Learn
More [https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/]


GLBA (GRAMM-LEACH-BLILEY ACT)

Requires protection of financial information


FTC - SUMMARY AND ACT

 * FTC Summary [http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/glbact.html]
 * FTC Act
   [http://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/statutes/federal-trade-commission-act]


HIPAA (HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT)

Requires the protection of individually identifiable health information. Learn
More [https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/]


CALEA (COMMUNICATIONS ASSISTANCE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT ACT)

Requires electronic communication providers to provide easy access for law
enforcement agencies to electronic communications for the purpose of electronic
surveillance. Learn More [https://www.fcc.gov/calea/]


HEOA (HIGHER EDUCATION OPPORTUNITY ACT)

Among other things outside IT requires the monitoring and stopping of illegal
P2P file sharing. Learn More
[http://www2.ed.gov/policy/highered/leg/hea08/index.html]

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Faculty/Staff Helpdesk
(630) 942-4357
Email: helpdesk@cod.edu [helpdesk@cod.edu]

Student Helpdesk
(630) 942-2999
Email: studenthelp@dupage.edu

[studenthelp@dupage.edu]Hours of Operation
[/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/index.pcf]