https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/oceanography/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

oceanography professors [/_resources/img/hero/oceanography-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Earth Science Program
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/]Oceanography


OCEANOGRAPHY

The world's oceans have a profound influence on the COD community, and vice
versa, despite the lack of beach front properties in the county.

Did you know that most of the precipitation that falls on the Midwest is water
evaporated from the Gulf of Mexico? Were you aware that among the greatest
threats to the water quality and fishery of the Gulf of Mexico are the
fertilizers and soils that runoff Midwestern farms?

College of DuPage's Earth Sciences program provides both science and non-science
majors alike an opportunity to explore and investigate Earth’s final frontier in
the Earth Science 1130 Introduction to Oceanography. In this course, students
have the opportunity to learn about the physical properties and phenomena of the
Earth’s largest repository of water. Students enrolled in Earth Science 1130
have the opportunity to study phenomena in hands-on laboratory exercises, often
by physically modeling oceanographic processes. Students simulate storm surges,
long shore currents, barrier island roll-over, and a variety of other coastal
erosion processes in a beach wave tank housed in the Hydrosciences
Lab—a facility unmatched in other community colleges! 


PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS

Please consult a faculty member listed below before beginning your coursework.  


DEGREE

 * Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-science-degree/]
 * Student Planning Worksheet
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/student_planning/student_planning_aa_as_current.pdf]:
   Use When planning your coursework. 
 * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/earth/] 


EARTH 1130 INTRODUCTION TO OCEANOGRAPHY

An introduction to oceanography that focuses on the dominating influence the
World Ocean has on earth processes. Topics include ocean basin evolution, sea
water chemistry and physics, interrelationships between the ocean and
atmosphere, waves, currents, tides, coastal development, marine communities, and
human impacts. Math 0481 with a grade of C or better, or a qualifying score on
the Math Placement Exam.*

*Concerned that your math skills won’t measure up or that this course is too
math demanding?

Contact Diana Strode to learn more about the course objectives and expectations.
Don’t miss a great lab experience because you misunderstand the prerequisite!


CAREER INFORMATION

Interested in a career in oceanography? Meet with Diana Strode, Assistant
Professor of Earth Sciences, to explore the opportunities and to plan your
course of study. 

 * Bureau of Labor Statistics Occupational Outlook Handbook - Geoscientists &
   Oceanographers
   [http://www.bls.gov/ooh/life-physical-and-social-science/geoscientists.htm] 
 * O-NET Online, American Job Center Network - Geoscientists & Oceanographers
   [http://www.onetonline.org/link/summary/19-2042.00]
 * Atmospheric, Earth, Marine, and Space Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary
   [http://www.onetonline.org/link/summary/25-1051.00] 


RESOURCES

 * COD Oceanography & Hydrology Research Guide
   [https://library.cod.edu/friendly.php?s=ocean]


OCEANOGRAPHY WEBSITES

 * National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Association [http://www.noaa.gov/]
 * Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution [http://www.whoi.edu]
 * Ocean Explorer [http://oceanexplorer.noaa.gov/]
 * Scripps Institution of Oceanography [https://scripps.ucsd.edu/]
 * Geology.com - Oceanography [http://geology.com/oceanography/]
 * National Geophysical Data Center Marine Geology & Geophysics
   [http://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/mgg]


PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS

 * American Academy of Underwater Sciences [http://www.aaus.org/]
 * The Oceanography Society [http://www.tos.org/]
 * Association for the Sciences of Limnology and Oceanography
   [http://www.aslo.org/]
 * Society for Underwater Technology [https://sut.org/]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division
[/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx]
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06, (630) 942-3210


COD STORIES

Julianne Fernandez [/about/stories/students/images/julianne_fernandez.jpg]

"When I was at COD, I never thought I’d reach this point. But everything I’m
doing now I first learned about at College of DuPage.” - Julianne Fernandez

Julianne's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fernandez.aspx]


COD STORIES

Hannah Deadman-Arnst [/about/stories/students/images/hannah_deadman.jpg]

"I urge anyone to consider attending College of DuPage. Yes, you’ll save some
money, but more importantly you’ll be in an environment that encourages you to
grow and be your very best. College of DuPage exudes excellence in all that it
does.” - Hannah Deadman-Arnst

Hannah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/deadman_arnst.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/earth_science/oceanography/index.pcf]