https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

payment policy image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-chappy-homecoming-football-game-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Tuition [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/]Payment
Plans [https://www.cod.edu/costs/tuition/payment-plans/]Payment Policy


PAYMENT POLICY

College of DuPage requires students not fully covered by financial aid or
military benefits to enroll in a payment plan or pay their account balance by
the payment due date. If you have not enrolled in a payment plan or paid your
account balance by the payment due date, you may be dropped from your classes.


PAYMENT DEADLINES AND DUE DATES

  Term Registration Opens Payment Deadline Spring October December 1 Summer
March May 1 Fall April July 1

The payment deadline is the date students are required to enroll in a payment
plan or pay their balance in full for a term. If you register for classes after
the payment deadline, enrollment in a payment plan or payment in full is
required at the time of registration.

Students enrolled in Field Studies/Study Abroad
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/faq.aspx] classes may be subject to
different payment deadlines than those listed above.


DROP FOR NON-PAYMENT

College of DuPage monitors and drops students from classes due to non-payment of
tuition and fees in order to help students avoid incurring extraneous tuition
bills. The drop for non-payment process is intended to ensure students are
successful in fulfilling their financial obligation to the College, which in
turn frees students to succeed in their educational journey.

The College runs regular monitoring reports and notifies students that they need
to make payment arrangements or run the risk of being dropped from
classes. Being added to a drop evaluation does not automatically indicate you
will be dropped. You should not rely on the drop for non-payment process to
remove you from classes you no longer wish to attend.


HOW TO AVOID BEING DROPPED FOR NON-PAYMENT


1. ENROLL IN A PAYMENT PLAN

 * If you are unable to pay your student account balance in full at the time of
   registration, you can spread the payments over the term by enrolling in a
   payment plan.
 * Any payment not made on the scheduled payment date will result in a $30 late
   fee automatically assessed to your student account and you run the risk of
   being dropped from your classes for the amount owed.
 * Learn more about how to enroll in a payment plan
   [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx].


2. PAY IN FULL

 * Online: Pay by credit card, debit card, or electronic check via the student
   portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]. Directions on how to pay in full
   [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/pay_in_full.pdf].  
 * By Phone: Pay by credit card or debit card with a cashier via phone at (630)
   942-2206.


3. FINANCIAL AID OR MILITARY BENEFITS

 * Complete your documents early. You are strongly encouraged to complete all
   financial aid documents at least one month before registering for classes to
   allow for the necessary processing time. View and submit outstanding
   financial aid documents by accessing Financial Aid Self-Service via the
   student portal. For military benefits, you must complete a Veterans
   Certification Request Form which can be found in your myACCESS student menu.
 * Your financial aid funding or military benefits must be finalized, your award
   letter must be received, and your aid must cover your entire balance to
   ensure your classes are secure.
 * If financial aid or military benefits does not cover your entire balance, you
   are responsible for enrolling in a payment plan to cover the remaining
   balance or paying your balance in full. 
 * If you are selected for verification of your FAFSA, that must be completed,
   your financial aid must be finalized, your award letter must be received, and
   your aid must cover your entire balance in order to ensure your classes are
   secure. 
 * To confirm if you have enough financial aid to cover your balance after you
   register for classes, follow the directions to confirm your financial aid
   [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/pdf/confirm_fa_amount.pdf].
 * For questions on how to apply for financial aid, visit steps to apply.
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/index.aspx]
 * You are responsible for any charges not covered by financial aid or military
   benefits. If these charges are not covered, you may be dropped for
   non-payment. 


4. COMPANY SPONSORED BILLING AGREEMENT

 * Sponsored Billing is available for students whose employers will pay for
   their tuition and fees within 30 days of the start of the term, regardless of
   grades or class attendance.
 * The Sponsored Billing Agreement [/registration/pdf/third_party_app.pdf] must
   be completed, signed by the student and the sponsor, and submitted to the
   Office of Student Registration Services.
 * A letter from the sponsor on company letterhead must be submitted along with
   the Sponsored Billing Agreement.
 * You will be responsible for any charges not covered by your company.
 * Contact the Office of Student Registration Services for more information.


5. COLLEGE ILLINOIS

 * If you participate in College Illinois, contact the Office of Student
   Registration Services one week before registering for classes and inform the
   office of your plan to use College Illinois.
 * You will be responsible for any charges not covered by your plan.
 * Contact the Office of Student Registration Services for more information.


6. 529 PLANS (OTHER THAN COLLEGE ILLINOIS)

 * If you are participating in a 529 plan, contact the Cashier's Office
   immediately after you register for classes and inform the cashiers you are
   using a 529 plan. The cashiers will place a protective hold on your account
   to allow time for the check from the 529 plan to be sent to the College.
 * You are responsible for contacting the provider and requesting a check be
   sent to the College to pay for your tuition.
 * The check should be made payable to "College of DuPage." Your name and
   student ID number should be referenced on the check.
 * The check should be made for no more than the cost of tuition and fees on
   your account for the current term.
 * You will be responsible for any charges not covered by your plan.


7. FIELD STUDIES/STUDY ABROAD PAYMENT PLAN

 * If you are only registered in Field Studies/Study Abroad classes with fees
   greater than $500, you are not required to pay in full at the time of
   registration.
 * You will receive a welcome packet via email from Field and Experiential
   Learning no later than 5 business days after you register.
 * The welcome packet will include your payment options.
 * Contact Field and Experiential Learning
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/faq.aspx] for more information.


STEPS TO TAKE IF YOU ARE DROPPED FOR NON-PAYMENT

If you are dropped for non-payment, the steps you need to take are different
depending on where you are in the term. 


DROPPED BEFORE YOUR CLASS BEGINS

 1. Pay your outstanding balance. Clear all financial holds by paying any
    remaining balance in full, if applicable.
 2. Re-register for classes.
 3. Pay for your classes. After you have re-registered for your classes, you
    must pay your account balance in full or enroll in a payment plan. Another
    down payment will be required for the payment plan.

Please note: You are not guaranteed the same classes you were registered for
prior to being dropped, as registration is dependent upon class availability.


DROPPED DURING THE FIRST 10 DAYS OF CLASS

 1. Pay your outstanding balance. Clear all financial holds by paying any
    remaining balance in full, if applicable.
 2. Request a permit online. Log in to the student portal, under the
    Registration heading, select "Request a Permit." If the request is approved,
    an email will be sent to your student email address (@dupage.edu).
 3. Re-register for classes. Once permits are obtained, register for your
    classes via the student portal or by contacting the Office of Student
    Registration Services. 
 4. Pay for your classes. After you have re-registered for your classes, you
    must pay your account balance in full or enroll in a payment plan. Another
    down payment will be required for the payment plan.

Permits for late registration are only valid for three business days after the
date of issuance, so re-register immediately.


DROPPED AFTER THE 10TH DAY OF CLASS

 1. Pay your outstanding balance. Clear all financial holds by paying any
    remaining balance in full, if applicable.
 2. Request a permit from your instructor. Contact your instructor directly by
    phone, email, or in-person to request a permit. Instructors will send an
    e-permit to the Office of Student Registration Services.
 3. Re-register for classes. Once permits are obtained, you must re-register by
    phone or in-person with the Office of Student Registration Services. You can
    also email the Office of Student Registration Services from your student
    email address (@dupage.edu) and request to be re-registered.
 4. Pay for your classes. After you have re-registered for your classes, you
    must pay your account balance in full or enroll in a payment plan. Another
    down payment will be required for the payment plan.

Permits for late registration are only valid for three business days after the
date of issuance, so re-register immediately.


PRIOR BALANCES

If you have a balance in a prior term, a financial hold will be placed on your
student account until the balance is paid in full. A financial hold will prevent
you from registering for future classes, requesting transcripts, or receiving
your diploma. 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Cashier's Office
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2424

Phone Hours
Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
(630) 942-2206

Hours
Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Available through email inquiries at cashiers@cod.edu
[cashiers@cod.edu?subject=Website%20inquiry]Fax: (630) 942-2909

Payment PlansLearn More [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.pcf]