https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/faculty/clark.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


FACULTY STORIES: BOB CLARK

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Faculty Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/faculty/]Faculty Stories: Bob Clark
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Faculty Stories [/about/stories/faculty.aspx]

Bob Clark [/about/stories/faculty/images/bob_clark.jpg]


Program: HVACR

Bob Clark became interested in the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and
refrigeration field because of his stepfather, Pete.

"He was a stationary engineer in the Chicagoland area for 32 years, and I was
always interested in his work stories and lessons," he said.

Clark earned an associate degree in Electrical and Electronic Automated Systems,
Industrial Maintenance Technology and HVACR; a bachelor’s degree with a double
major of Business and Communications; an MBA in Energy and Sustainability; and a
doctorate in Career and Technical Education. He also holds multiple building
automation certifications, including an electrical license and Chicago
Stationary Engineers License; and numerous other certifications, including EPA
Universal, HAZWOPER OSHA 40, Industrial Firefighting, NFPA 70E, Solar Energy,
Sporlan Valve, VRF, and Bell & Gossett certifications in chilled water design,
hydronic design and steam design. Clark is president of the Illinois Council of
Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Educators (ICARE) and works with educators at
state and national levels to improve HVACR education.  

Before he became an instructor in the HVACR program at College of DuPage, Clark
worked in industrial maintenance and industrial refrigeration and ran his own
HVACR business. He said he was attracted to the HVACR industry because of the
opportunities for learning and working available in the field.

“The multiple disciplines and limitless potential within the industry drew me
in,” he said. “It was a technology that you could study the rest of your life
and still not know all of it. HVACR encompasses process control, thermodynamics,
electrical and electronics, automation, energy and building operations, and it
is needed and used by every single person and organization.”

Describing teaching as “the most challenging job he ever held,” Clark found
himself attracted to the challenge and took on a role as an adjunct faculty
member at Joliet Junior College for approximately three years before coming to
COD.

Clark has worked closely with his students to create an HVACR lab that comprises
a broad array of state-of-the-art training equipment, including a chilled water
system, two 8-foot by 24-foot cooler units, electronics trainers, hydronic
boiler, hydronic mixing stations, residential training system, steam system,
supermarket refrigeration rack system, vapor compression training systems,
variable refrigerant volume systems and water care system.

“Our lab is our gallery and a portfolio for every students’ resume,” he said.
“It was designed and built as a micro-sized version of major critical systems
that exist in a building and allows students the opportunity to break down
multiple complex systems.”

Creating this lab was inspired by the needs of the students as well as the needs
of both the HVACR industry and HVACR education.

“I wanted to develop another way to approach teaching for HVACR educators,” he
said. “In business academics, systems thinking is taught by using HVACR systems
as a common plane for knowledge. This ‘systems’ approach is grounded in
fundamentals and our students have to embrace fundamentals before they can
understand the complexities that exist in HVACR systems. There is no training
system on the market that would provide this type of HVACR education, which is
why we had to build a training system.” 

He said the art of teaching complex technical education, and an element that he
particularly enjoys, lies in “developing a pedagogical approach that
communicates information and skills in a common language and narrative.”

In 2019, Clark was named Postsecondary Career and Technical Educator of the Year
by the Illinois Association for Career and Technical Education (IACTE) and then
Region III Postsecondary Career and Technical Educator of the Year by the
Association for Career and Technical Education (ACTE). As a regional winner,
Clark was a candidate for the National ACTE Postsecondary Teacher of the Year.

The IACTE awards promote excellence in career and technical education by
recognizing individuals who have made extraordinary contributions to the field,
programs that exemplify the highest standard and organizations that have
conducted activities to promote and expand career and technical education
programs. The ACTE Excellence Awards recognize postsecondary career and
technical educators who have demonstrated innovation in the classroom,
commitment to students and dedication to the improvement of career and technical
education in their institutions and communities.

“It feels great that the success of our school and our program is being
recognized by career and technical education in Illinois.”

He said the development of the program will become increasingly important as
employers struggle to find qualified technicians.

“The HVACR Workforce Development Foundation is forecasting a 42 percent
workforce gap,” he said. “If you are a consumer and have any type of HVACR
system, this should scare you. Just think about what can happen when you can’t
find a qualified technician when your heating system goes out on a day with
subzero temperatures.

“I am looking to minimize a gap that exists between workforce and education in
the Chicagoland area. We also are going to start helping our community partners
at Habitat for Humanity and we’re considering becoming a National Science
Foundation National Center to help develop educators and get them the skills and
equipment they need to run a successful program.”

More about the Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration program
[/academics/programs/hvacr/index.aspx]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/faculty/clark.pcf]