https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/bajek.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: HEIDI BAJEK

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Heidi Bajek
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Heidi Bajek [/about/stories/students/images/heidi_bajek.jpg]


Major: Associate in Science

Heidi Bajek always said that she didn’t choose nursing, nursing chose her.

“As I teenager, I had no idea what I wanted to do when I grew up,” she said. “I
had a lot of ideas, but none of them were realistic or financially responsible.
My father is actually the one who told me I should be a nurse. He said it would
be a perfect fit. Naturally, I disagreed with him, but a little more research
into what nurses actually did and their impact on patient care, and I was
hooked.”

While she was still deciding on a career, Bajek enrolled at College of DuPage.
Her two older brothers and sister-in-law attended and were successful after
graduation, so it was the right option for her.

In addition to the family legacy of COD graduates, Bajek joined the Forensics
team because her brother and sister-in-law met while competing for COD. She also
did theater in high school, so it was a smooth transition.

Forensics Team at COD [/student_life/clubs_org/forensics/index.aspx]



“I heard great things about the coaches, Lauren Morgan and Chris Miller, and my
family knew that I would instantly have a support system at COD if I joined the
team,” she said. “My team won the state competition in 2009 and many national
awards in 2010. I was the office manager of the team during my 2010 year, which
gave me critical leadership skills that I have built upon to this day. I
currently still coach for the team and judge for our annual tournament when I
have free time from nursing.” 

After earning her Associate in Science degree, Bajek attended Northern Illinois
University and received her Bachelor of Science in Nursing. While at NIU, she
served as vice president of the Student Nurses Organization and as president of
the Student Nurses Association of Illinois. She used the public speaking skills
she gained through her time competing for COD to better serve in both roles.

Bajek worked as a nurse in an endocrinology clinic at Northwestern Memorial
Hospital in Chicago, where she served as chair of the Nursing Healthcare Policy
and Procedure Subcommittee and enjoyed many leadership opportunities. She
lobbied twice in person in Springfield for the rights of nurses, and during a
sit-down conversation with Illinois Attorney General Kwame Raoul, she advocated
for bachelor’s degree-prepared nurses in the hospital setting.

In 2018, Bajek was highlighted in the hospital’s Nursing Annual Report video for
her advocacy work. The experience allowed her to draw upon skills she learned
while on COD’s Forensics team.

“Nurses don’t think that public speaking or communication will be an important
or necessary part of their job, so it is not focused on in nursing school. This
video and the different speeches I have had to give while being a bedside nurse
prove that otherwise,” she said. “When I was getting filmed, I did not feel
nervous. I felt calm, collected and was able to articulate my thoughts. While
advocating in Springfield, I was able to talk to representatives and share my
opinions on different healthcare bills without getting flustered or stumbling
over my words. I was able to have a confident conversation throughout advocating
and filming, and none of that would have been possible without my training as a
member of the COD Forensics team.”

Bajek is currently the clinical manager for a dialysis home program. She
continues to keep her options open and currently is looking into a master’s
program.

“My husband says with how much fun I had at the capital talking to
representatives and about legislation, I’ll either be a nurse lobbyist or maybe
run for Congress one day,” she said. “My dad had it on the nose that I should be
a nurse, so maybe I should ask him for career advice again!”

Attending COD was one of the smartest decisions she made, and Bajek encourages
others to do the same 

“I would not be where I am today without my education from COD,” she said. “When
I struggled with my second anatomy class, my professor spent hours of time with
me in her office ensuring I would get a grade that wouldn’t affect my admission
into nursing school. When I had to take the class a second time around to get a
better grade, I felt more confident and that I had a better chance. When I
finally got into a nursing program at a four-year college, I felt like I was
better prepared to handle the rigorous curriculum of nursing because of the
dedicated professors at COD who knew a strong GPA affected the rest of my
education. 

“My advice for students considering COD would be to stop considering and just
register. Looking back on it now, there’s no other choice than COD. You have
small class sizes, extremely dedicated and intelligent professors, and a
financially stable start to your college career. I have lifelong friends, a
career and even a husband because of my choice to attend COD. Looking back, I
would not have done anything differently.”

Learn more about the Associate in Science degree at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/bajek.pcf]