https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Engage [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engage_web_masthead.jpeg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Office of the
President [https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/]Engage: College of
DuPage, your community college
[https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/]Engage Volume 3,
Number 1


ENGAGE VOLUME 3, NUMBER 1

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 3
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no3.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 3, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx]

Engage cover [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engagev3.1.png]

Engage Magazine [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/pdf/engagev3.1.pdf]


A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT

The past few months have been ones of unchartered territory. The current
pandemic has changed our lives, including how we learn.

But College of DuPage has been up to the challenge. Our dedicated faculty and
staff have gone above and beyond to make sure students continue to receive the
highest level of education possible.

By sheer coincidence, we were well into production on this issue of Engage,
which looks at our health care programs when the coronavirus (COVID-19) took
over the headlines. It seems fitting that this issue is dedicated to
professionals who play an even more important role during a major worldwide
health crisis.

If you have been a patient at any time in one of the hospitals, clinics or other
medical facilities in District 502, chances are you received care from a COD
graduate. The College trains students to become nurses, X-ray technologists,
anesthesia technologists, speech language pathology assistants and many other
professionals through more than 30 health-related areas of study found in the
Nursing and Health Sciences Division. Programs offered include Nuclear Medicine,
Respiratory Care, Health Information Technology and many more too numerous to
list here.

As a result of their education, our graduates often achieve a nearly 100 percent
pass rate on applicable board certification exams. That should be reassuring to
us as patients and for prospective students looking for top- level health career
programs.

This semester has required creative approaches to educational goals. This issue
of Engage shares the passion of our faculty and students as they make health
care their top priority.


BUDGET-IN-BRIEF

I understand the importance of financial accountability and transparency. The
College’s funding comes from local taxes, tuition and state, and every year we
diligently look at how best to optimize our spending to benefit students and the
community.

The budget process at COD covers a six-month period and includes meetings across
campus in every department to identify and prioritize needs, which then are
analyzed and resourced. While the College’s budget is hundreds of pages in
length, the Budget-in-Brief presents an overview of our financial plan in an
easy-to-understand format.

I invite you to review the Budget-in-Brief as well as other financial reports at
cod.edu/financials
[/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/financial.aspx].


2020 U.S. CENSUS

As a member of the Complete Count Committee in Aurora, I cannot stress enough
the importance of being counted in this year’s census.

Federal funding will be determined by census data, which affects programs that
impact our communities as well as College of DuPage. In addition, without a full
count, Illinois will lose representation in Congress and our local communities
will be under- represented in the state legislature.

College of DuPage is committed to ensuring all members of our college community
are included in the 2020 Census count. The census happens only once a decade, so
this is our opportunity to get it right. If you have not responded to the
census, do so without delay.

—Dr. Brian W. Caputo, President of College of DuPage.


RELATED AREAS OF INTEREST

 * COD Financial Documents
   [/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/financial.aspx]
 * Nursing and Health Science Division [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/]
 * Victor Barron video [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBu8Vh1wKE4]
 * Ernest Daunter video [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n9bL470DC8]

Back to Engage Home [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/index.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.pcf]