https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/health-information/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

stethoscope on medical records
[/_resources/img/hero/physician-office-coding-records-stock.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Health Information Technology
Program


HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM

The Health Information Technology is a two-year, Associate in Applied Science
degree and is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation for Health
Informatics and Information Management Education (CAHIIM).

Degree courses are strategically aligned to build upon each other and to
maximize student learning. Foundational coursework includes medical terminology
and anatomy and physiology. Students will eventually apply their classwork in
medical coding classes when they review medical documentation and assign codes.
From there, students will learn about the revenue cycle healthcare reimbursement
and important aspects of healthcare law, compliance and leadership. The program
culminates with a capstone course in which students apply their classroom
learning to a 40-hour professional practicum experience. 

After completing required HIT courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hit/]and upon graduation, students are
eligible to sit for the Registered Health Information Technician
[https://www.ahima.org/certification-careers/certification-exams/rhit/] (RHIT)
credentialing exam awarded by the American Health Information Management
Association (AHIMA). This is a nationally recognized credential award that is
highly sought by employers across the country.

This program is closely aligned with the Physician Coding
[/academics/programs/physician-coding/index.aspx] and Medical Billing
[/academics/programs/medical-billing/index.aspx] programs at College of DuPage


ADMISSION INFORMATION

Enrollment in the HIT program is by admission only. Admission to College of
DuPage does not guarantee admission to the program. You must follow specific
admissions requirements outlined in the Health Information Technology Admissions
Packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/hit.pdf] to register.



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




ABOUT HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Health Information Technology is part of the larger field of Health Information
Management (HIM). The field of HIM combines business, technology and medicine to
provide patient care by caring for patient’s health information.

Health Information professionals organize, oversee and protect patient health
information data including diagnoses, medical histories, procedures and serve as
an essential link between physicians, patients and insurance companies. It’s
easy to forget that healthcare is a business and HIM professionals are critical
to the financial success of any organization. 

Health Information Management is an vital function of the health care and one of
the few health-related occupations that does not require direct patient care. If
you are interested in healthcare but not patient care, HIM is a great choice.
Another thing to consider is the number of different jobs you can do with this
degree. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Health information technologists are able to work remotely and do not work
directly with patients. The field is in high demand by a variety of healthcare
employers. Graduates work for hospitals, physicians, insurance companies, health
product companies, public health agencies or in consulting.

Why CODDegreesAccreditation Status
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in health information technology,
planning to transfer to a four-year college or university or updating your
skills, COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification, and licensing.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.

Degrees


HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

The Health Information Technology
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/health-information-technology/health-information-technology-aas/]
Associate in Applied Science degree program integrates healthcare data
collection processes, clinical classification systems, clinical documentation
and computer technology. 

Accreditation Status

The HIT program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation for Health
Informatics and Information Management Education (CAHIIM).

CAHIIM Accreditation Seal
[/academics/programs/health-information/images/accreditation_seal.png]

The Health Information Technology accreditor of College of DuPage is the
Commission on Accreditation for Health Informatics and Information Management
Education (CAHIIM). The College’s accreditation for the associate degree in
Health Information Technology has been reaffirmed through 2023. All inquiries
about the program’s accreditation status should be directed by mail to CAHIIM,
200 East Randolph Street, Suite 5100, Chicago, IL 60601; by phone at (312)
235-3255; or by email at info@cahiim.org [info@cahiim.org?subject=].


GRADUATION RATE

  Admitting Cohort Started HIT program Graduation Rate of Same Cohort Fall 2018
73% - Spring 2020


STUDENT SATISFACTION RATE

  Started HIT program Satisfaction Rate After Completion of HIT program Fall
2018 100% - Spring 2020


GRADUATE EMPLOYMENT RATE

  Graduated HIT program Employment Rate Spring 2020 100% - Spring 2021


REGISTERED HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNICIAN (RHIT) EXAMINATION PASS RATE

(for first-time test takers)

  Testing Date Range Pass Rate 8/1/19 to 7/31/20 83%


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Health Information Technology program
is to review the admissions packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/hit.pdf]. The packet contains a checklist
that you will need to follow in order to apply and be eligible for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/health-information/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Health Information Technology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/health-information-technology/health-information-technology-aas/]




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several health information technology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/health-information-technology.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Health Information
Technology program.

How do I know if Health Information Technology is right for me?

Healthcare is constantly evolving both with care delivery and technology.
Students must be computer literate, detail-oriented, self-starters and possess
strong critical thinking skills. Students need to have an interest in medicine
and business and plan to be a lifelong learner. HIT students are rewarded with a
prosperous career.

Where do Health Information Management professionals work?

Health Information Management (HIM) professionals work for hospitals, clinics,
doctor’s offices, mental health facilities, insurance companies, consulting
firms, government, research, law firms and public health agencies. As more large
retailers such as Walmart, Amazon and CVS enter the healthcare space, they will
need HIM professionals.

What do Health Information Technician professionals do on a daily basis?

Industry experts estimate there are between 250-300 different job titles listed
that require an RHIT credential. HIT professionals work in medical coding,
release of information, privacy, data analytics, claims, auditing, compliance,
consulting and policy making. The possibilities are virtually endless.

Can Health Information Management professionals work from home?

Health Information Management professionals can work from home. Many HIM
companies prefer their employees work from home. Over 70% of the HIM workforce
works remotely and this trend is expected to continue. 

How are Health Information Technology classes offered?

The HIT program classes are a combination of face-to-face and online classes.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Health Information Technology Program
[/academics/programs/health-information/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/health-information/current-students.aspx]



Health Information Technology Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/hit.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/health-information/index.pcf]