https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/political-science/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student and instructor in discussion
[/_resources/img/hero/faculty-male-student-walking.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Political Science Program


POLITICAL SCIENCE PROGRAM

The Political Science program examines the power and process involved with
politics and government. Classes focus on a variety of political ideas and
theories both within the United States government and abroad.

Whether you plan to be a political science major or have an interest in taking a
political science course to fulfill an elective, you'll learn to assess
arguments, think independently and communicate clearly.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Political science courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/pols/] prepare
you for a variety of political science careers in non-profit, for-profit or
private organizations. 

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

You want to attend a college that stands out from the rest. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/political-science/contact.aspx]
   with years of professional, research and publication experience. 
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities, equipment and resources.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.

Degrees


POLITICAL SCIENCE INTENDED MAJOR

The Political Science, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/political-science/political-science-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext] degree
combines courses in communication, social and behavioral sciences, humanities
and other areas with political science courses. This provides students pursuing
a bachelor's degree in Political Science with a two-year foundation of
coursework.


COD STORIES

Allison Schraub [/about/stories/students/images/allison_schraub.jpg]

"I came to College of DuPage because I couldn’t afford anything else. But I
stayed at College of DuPage because I wanted to be the voice for those kids who
think that they have lost all hope in the world.” - Allison Schraub

Allison's COD Story [/about/stories/students/schraub.aspx]


COD STORIES

Devin Oommen [/about/stories/students/images/devin_oommen.jpg]

“I am forever grateful to the Political Science program and professors such as
Maureen Heffern-Ponicki. They teach the subject with passion and connect lessons
to events that are happening in real time.” - Devin Oommen

Devin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/oommen.aspx]


COD STORIES

Tiffany Cuevas [/about/stories/students/images/tiffany-cuevas.jpg]

"In the long run, I hope I can work for the betterment of local communities and
urban areas to help them achieve their fullest potential. I want people to know
that there are individuals out there working toward making their lives secure
economically and socially." - Tiffany Cuevas

Tiffany's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cuevas.aspx]


COD STORIES

Olyvia Lennox [/about/stories/students/images/olyvia-lennox.jpg]

"If I hadn’t gone to COD, I would not have received the encouragement from my
professors to apply to more competitive and prestigious schools, and I would be
on a very different path from the one I’m on now." - Olyvia Lennox

Olyvia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/lennox.aspx]


COD STORIES

Amira Abuarqoub [/about/stories/students/images/amira_abuarqoub.jpg]

"College of DuPage was the new beginning I needed after high school to reboot
myself and embark on my academic journey. I have been able to accomplish so much
because of the resources I was given at COD." - Amira Abuarqoub

Amira's COD Story [/about/stories/students/abuarqoub.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Political Science is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Political Science Intended Major
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/political-science/political-science-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in political science will: 

 * Develop six discipline-specific knowledge, skills, and abilities with
   substantive knowledge of the five subfields of political science.
 * Develop professional communication abilities in writing and oral expression.
 * Develop critical thinking and research skills leading to the ability to
   understand, design and carry out research.
 * Prepare for fulfilling the obligations of citizenship, including means of
   political participation and the development of informed policy opinions.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several political science transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/political-science.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



   


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Political Science
program.

What skills will I develop in the Political Science program?

You will learn how to identify problems and policy solutions, develop political
thinking skills, data analysis and written and verbal communication skills.
Watch a video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631890&node=9541395&a=2063228776&autoplay=1] to
learn more about political science.

What can I do with a political science degree?

You can take any path with a political science degree. You can work for state
and local government, international organizations, work in the private sector,
teach or continue on to law school. 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Political Science Program
[/academics/programs/political-science/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/political-science/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/political-science/index.pcf]