https://www.cod.edu/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

outdoor female student image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-student-relaxing-summer-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Transfer
Services [https://www.cod.edu/academics/transfer/]Steps to Transfer


STEPS TO TRANSFER FROM COLLEGE OF DUPAGE

Are you planning to transfer from College of DuPage to further your academic
aspirations? Early planning is key to your success. This steps to transfer
checklist breaks down the transfer process according to the number of credits
earned and outlines your steps for a smooth transfer to the college or
university of your choice.

 * 0 - 15 Credits Earned
 * 16-30 Credits Earned
 * 31-44 Credits Earned
 * 45+ Credits Earned

  


0 - 15 CREDITS EARNED

 * Meet with a COD counselor or program advisor to develop an academic plan.
   Schedule an appointment by calling (630) 942-2259.
 * Explore admission requirements of transfer schools
   [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx] and attend COD transfer events
   [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx].
 * Create a Transferology [https://www.transferology.com/school/cod] account to
   track how courses at College of DuPage could transfer to your top five
   schools. (To utilize this, transfer schools need to participate in
   Transferology.)
 * Connect with representatives from your top five schools to schedule a campus
   visit.
 * Become a strong transfer and scholarship candidate by excelling in your
   classes and getting involved [/student_life/index.aspx]
   on campus [/student_life/].


16 - 30 CREDITS EARNED

 * Commit to a plan of study and explore COD’s transfer pathways.
   
   * Understand transfer admissions and course requirements.
   * Explore College of DuPage transfer guides and partnerships.
   * Check-in with COD counselors to review and update your academic plan.
 * Attend a Transfer Workshop [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx] to learn
   more about the transfer process and how to best prepare your applications.
 * Update your Transferology [https://www.transferology.com/school/cod]account
   with your current courses.
 * Narrow down your list of transfer destinations by utilizing transfer
   resources [/academics/transfer/resources.aspx].
 * Join the Phi Theta Kappa (PTK) [https://www.ptk.org/] college honor society,
   if eligible for membership.


31 - 44 CREDITS EARNED

 * Meet with your COD counselor or program advisor to monitor progress on
   required coursework.
 * Start preparing to fill out admission applications by the posted deadlines.
   
   * Gather materials and seek clarification on questions you may have.
   * Visit the Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/writing/index.aspx]
     for assistance with admission essays.
   * Approach faculty for references and letters of recommendation.
   * Update your resume with help from the Career Services Office
     [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx].
 * Complete your FAFSA [https://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa] or RISE
   Act
   [https://www.isac.org/students/before-college/financial-aid-planning/retention-of-illinois-rise-act/]
   application to include the school(s) where you will apply. Explore and apply
   for additional scholarships.
 * Request official College of DuPage transcripts
   [/records/order-transcripts.aspx]. If you attended another college, you also
   will need to request official transcripts directly from that school.


45+ CREDITS EARNED

 * Conduct a final check of your progress and meet your COD counselor or program
   advisor to review requirements for graduation and transfer. Complete your
   application to graduate [/records/graduation/index.aspx ] (if eligible to
   graduate from COD).
 * Visit your transfer school(s) — attend a class, meet with faculty or speak
   with current students to help you make your final decision.
 * Compare all acceptance and financial aid award letters and choose your
   transfer school.
 * After your final grades and degrees post, request that College of DuPage send
   your final, official transcript [/records/order-transcripts.aspx] to your
   chosen transfer school.
 * Complete enrollment steps outlined by your transfer school.
 * Let the Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services department know your
   transfer destination by sharing your feedback
   [https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=LtmHvtjshkW0fKUEZtBPTeNSbyneVeJCtq19x3UBEm1UQlBYMFE3M0dFNkRLU0g1NzhOMU1SWERKOC4u&utm_source=MS+forms]. 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
Phone: (630) 942-2259
Ask a counselor or program advisor a quick question [Counseling@cod.edu]. 

 * Main Campus Regular Hours:
   * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
   * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 * COD Centers Hours
   [https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/centers/hours.aspx]

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@counselingadvisingcod [https://instagram.com/counselingadvisingcod]

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codtransferservices [https://www.instagram.com/codtransferservices/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcounselingadvising [https://www.facebook.com/CoDCounselingAdvising]





Transfer Application ChecklistLearn What a Transfer Application Includes
[/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx]


COD STORIES

Matt Brousil [/about/stories/students/images/matt_brousil.jpg]

"When I was starting my undergraduate degree at Evergreen, I had a strong
background in math and lab work from my coursework at COD, so I felt comfortable
learning statistical techniques and working in the chemistry labs. I owe a lot
of my current success to my time at COD." - Matt Brousil

Matt's COD Story [/about/stories/students/brousil.aspx]


COD STORIES

Angel Traub [/about/stories/students/images/angel_traub.jpg]

"COD has wonderful faculty and staff who are always ready and willing to assist
you in achieving your success. Make the most of your education and make the
biggest impact on your future endeavors by joining a club or a group, seeking
career advice or services, and researching possible internships that COD
offers." - Angel Traub

Angel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/traub.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ted Raspiller [/about/stories/students/images/ted_raspiller.jpg]

"Before COD, I had no real foundation for understanding myself as a learner. COD
had faculty who actually cared about me. Plus, I was surrounded by students who
were not only bright academically, but also had higher demands and
expectations." - Ted Raspiller

Ted's COD Story [/about/stories/students/raspiller.aspx]


COD STORIES

Laura Zeller [/about/stories/students/images/laura-zeller.jpg]

"COD gave me a place to go that was not overly expensive and close to home. I
could take high-quality classes that later applied toward my bachelor’s degree
while I searched for schools.” - Laura Zeller

Laura's COD Story [/about/stories/students/zeller.aspx]


COD STORIES

Eboo Patel [/about/stories/students/images/eboo_patel.jpg]

"We are all many possible people. How we become who we are has everything to do
with which of those possibilities is nurtured. College of DuPage helped nurture
the intellectually curious, ethically focused Eboo Patel." - Eboo Patel

Eboo's COD Story [/about/stories/students/patel.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.pcf]https://www.cod.edu/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

outdoor female student image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-student-relaxing-summer-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Transfer
Services [https://www.cod.edu/academics/transfer/]Steps to Transfer


STEPS TO TRANSFER FROM COLLEGE OF DUPAGE

Are you planning to transfer from College of DuPage to further your academic
aspirations? Early planning is key to your success. This steps to transfer
checklist breaks down the transfer process according to the number of credits
earned and outlines your steps for a smooth transfer to the college or
university of your choice.

 * 0 - 15 Credits Earned
 * 16-30 Credits Earned
 * 31-44 Credits Earned
 * 45+ Credits Earned

  


0 - 15 CREDITS EARNED

 * Meet with a COD counselor or program advisor to develop an academic plan.
   Schedule an appointment by calling (630) 942-2259.
 * Explore admission requirements of transfer schools
   [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx] and attend COD transfer events
   [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx].
 * Create a Transferology [https://www.transferology.com/school/cod] account to
   track how courses at College of DuPage could transfer to your top five
   schools. (To utilize this, transfer schools need to participate in
   Transferology.)
 * Connect with representatives from your top five schools to schedule a campus
   visit.
 * Become a strong transfer and scholarship candidate by excelling in your
   classes and getting involved [/student_life/index.aspx]
   on campus [/student_life/].


16 - 30 CREDITS EARNED

 * Commit to a plan of study and explore COD’s transfer pathways.
   
   * Understand transfer admissions and course requirements.
   * Explore College of DuPage transfer guides and partnerships.
   * Check-in with COD counselors to review and update your academic plan.
 * Attend a Transfer Workshop [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx] to learn
   more about the transfer process and how to best prepare your applications.
 * Update your Transferology [https://www.transferology.com/school/cod]account
   with your current courses.
 * Narrow down your list of transfer destinations by utilizing transfer
   resources [/academics/transfer/resources.aspx].
 * Join the Phi Theta Kappa (PTK) [https://www.ptk.org/] college honor society,
   if eligible for membership.


31 - 44 CREDITS EARNED

 * Meet with your COD counselor or program advisor to monitor progress on
   required coursework.
 * Start preparing to fill out admission applications by the posted deadlines.
   
   * Gather materials and seek clarification on questions you may have.
   * Visit the Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/writing/index.aspx]
     for assistance with admission essays.
   * Approach faculty for references and letters of recommendation.
   * Update your resume with help from the Career Services Office
     [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx].
 * Complete your FAFSA [https://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa] or RISE
   Act
   [https://www.isac.org/students/before-college/financial-aid-planning/retention-of-illinois-rise-act/]
   application to include the school(s) where you will apply. Explore and apply
   for additional scholarships.
 * Request official College of DuPage transcripts
   [/records/order-transcripts.aspx]. If you attended another college, you also
   will need to request official transcripts directly from that school.


45+ CREDITS EARNED

 * Conduct a final check of your progress and meet your COD counselor or program
   advisor to review requirements for graduation and transfer. Complete your
   application to graduate [/records/graduation/index.aspx ] (if eligible to
   graduate from COD).
 * Visit your transfer school(s) — attend a class, meet with faculty or speak
   with current students to help you make your final decision.
 * Compare all acceptance and financial aid award letters and choose your
   transfer school.
 * After your final grades and degrees post, request that College of DuPage send
   your final, official transcript [/records/order-transcripts.aspx] to your
   chosen transfer school.
 * Complete enrollment steps outlined by your transfer school.
 * Let the Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services department know your
   transfer destination by sharing your feedback
   [https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=LtmHvtjshkW0fKUEZtBPTeNSbyneVeJCtq19x3UBEm1UQlBYMFE3M0dFNkRLU0g1NzhOMU1SWERKOC4u&utm_source=MS+forms]. 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
Phone: (630) 942-2259
Ask a counselor or program advisor a quick question [Counseling@cod.edu]. 

 * Main Campus Regular Hours:
   * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
   * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 * COD Centers Hours
   [https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/centers/hours.aspx]

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@counselingadvisingcod [https://instagram.com/counselingadvisingcod]

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codtransferservices [https://www.instagram.com/codtransferservices/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcounselingadvising [https://www.facebook.com/CoDCounselingAdvising]





Transfer Application ChecklistLearn What a Transfer Application Includes
[/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx]


COD STORIES

Matt Brousil [/about/stories/students/images/matt_brousil.jpg]

"When I was starting my undergraduate degree at Evergreen, I had a strong
background in math and lab work from my coursework at COD, so I felt comfortable
learning statistical techniques and working in the chemistry labs. I owe a lot
of my current success to my time at COD." - Matt Brousil

Matt's COD Story [/about/stories/students/brousil.aspx]


COD STORIES

Angel Traub [/about/stories/students/images/angel_traub.jpg]

"COD has wonderful faculty and staff who are always ready and willing to assist
you in achieving your success. Make the most of your education and make the
biggest impact on your future endeavors by joining a club or a group, seeking
career advice or services, and researching possible internships that COD
offers." - Angel Traub

Angel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/traub.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ted Raspiller [/about/stories/students/images/ted_raspiller.jpg]

"Before COD, I had no real foundation for understanding myself as a learner. COD
had faculty who actually cared about me. Plus, I was surrounded by students who
were not only bright academically, but also had higher demands and
expectations." - Ted Raspiller

Ted's COD Story [/about/stories/students/raspiller.aspx]


COD STORIES

Laura Zeller [/about/stories/students/images/laura-zeller.jpg]

"COD gave me a place to go that was not overly expensive and close to home. I
could take high-quality classes that later applied toward my bachelor’s degree
while I searched for schools.” - Laura Zeller

Laura's COD Story [/about/stories/students/zeller.aspx]


COD STORIES

Eboo Patel [/about/stories/students/images/eboo_patel.jpg]

"We are all many possible people. How we become who we are has everything to do
with which of those possibilities is nurtured. College of DuPage helped nurture
the intellectually curious, ethically focused Eboo Patel." - Eboo Patel

Eboo's COD Story [/about/stories/students/patel.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.pcf]