https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/mac.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


MCANINCH ARTS CENTER (MAC)

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Visitor
Information [https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/]Campus Facilities
[https://www.cod.edu/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/]McAninch Arts
Center (MAC)
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Berg Instructional Center (BIC) and Student Services Center (SSC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx]
 * Culinary and Hospitality Center (CHC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/chc.aspx]
 * Robert J. Miller Homeland Security Education Center (HEC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hec.aspx]
 * Health and Science Center (HSC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx]
 * Homeland Security Training Center (HTC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/htc.aspx]
 * McAninch Arts Center (MAC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/mac.aspx]
 * Physical Education Center (PEC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/pe.aspx]
 * Seaton Computing Center (SCC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/scc.aspx]
 * Student Resource Center (SRC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/src.aspx]
 * Technical Education Center (TEC)
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/tec.aspx]
 * Facilities Department
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]

Outside of the mac [/_resources/img/video/mac-outside.jpg]

The McAninch Arts Center (MAC) is dedicated to giving residents of DuPage County
access to the arts.

Cleve Carney Museum of Art [/_resources/img/video/mac-art-gallery.jpg]

To prepare for the Frida Kahlo 2020 exhibit, COD’s Cleve Carney Museum of Art
underwent an extensive makeover, complete with LED lighting, security and
climate control systems.

Lakeside Pavilion [/_resources/img/video/mac-pavilion.jpg]

Community members and students can bring a blanket and lawn chair to enjoy free
outdoor entertainment all season long at Lakeside Pavilion.

Student in the Mac working on pottery [/_resources/img/video/mac-pottery.jpg]

Creative visions can be turned into works of art in a variety of classrooms
located within the MAC.

Mac theater [/_resources/img/video/mac-theater.jpg]

Students can build their skills at the MAC's performance spaces—the 800-seat
Belushi Performance Hall, the 186-seat Playhouse Theatre and the "black box"
Studio Theatre.

The McAninch Arts Center (MAC) encourages immersive learning and student
involvement by combining the arts, performance and academics under one roof.

Named after the College's second president, Dr. Harold D. McAninch, Animation,
Art, Dance, Graphic Design, Motion Picture/Television (MPTV), Music, Photography
and Theater classes all take place in the MAC.

Creating a unique blend of performance and education, the center houses three
performance spaces: the 800-seat Belushi Performance Hall, the 186-seat
Playhouse Theatre and the "black box" Studio Theatre.

The MAC is home to the Buffalo Theatre Ensemble and New Philharmonic, two
resident professional ensembles; a number of student groups; and a gallery space
for professional, faculty and student exhibits. Featuring seasons that combine
touring, resident and student groups, the MAC has presented theater, music,
dance and visual arts to more than 1.5 million people since it opened.

In an average week, the MAC hosts:

 * 5.1 public performances of 1.6 arts programs
 * 2.2 rental events
 * 10.25 rehearsals 
 * One non-art college department use — or 2.5 scheduled events per day, seven
   days a week, 52 weeks a year.

Each season includes more than 200 performances of plays, concerts and lectures,
as well as numerous art exhibits in both the gallery space and MAC lobby area.

The MAC's extensive community outreach program includes pre-performance
lectures, classes with visiting artists and the School Stage program
[https://www.atthemac.org/shows-events/schoolstage/], which provides area K-12
students with an interactive, educational arts experience. On the south side of
the MAC sits Lakeside Pavilion
[https://www.atthemac.org/shows-events/lakeside-pavilion/], which was was
constructed for seasonal outdoor events and performances.

 * View the floor plan
   [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/pdf/floor_mac.pdf]


CELEBRATING 30+ YEARS

Band performing on stage
[/_resources/img/video/mac-performance.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/zSR_O9umn9w?rel=0

The MAC continues to bring theater performances, art gallery events, outdoor
concerts and more to the community.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/mac.pcf]