https://www.cod.edu/hsti/online_training.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Homeland Security Training Institute
   [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png]/hsti/index.aspx

 * HSTI Live [/hsti/live-events/index.aspx]
 * Classes [/hsti/classes/index.aspx]
 * Live Online Training Courses [/hsti/online_training.aspx]
 * HSTI Membership for Law Enforcement [/hsti/membership.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/hsti/faculty.aspx]
 * Facilities [/hsti/facilities.aspx]

Homeland Security Training Institute
[/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png] Homeland Security Training
Institute [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-black.png] /hsti/index.aspx Menu
 * HSTI Live [/hsti/live-events/index.aspx]
 * Classes [/hsti/classes/index.aspx]
 * Live Online Training Courses [/hsti/online_training.aspx]
 * HSTI Membership for Law Enforcement [/hsti/membership.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/hsti/faculty.aspx]
 * Facilities [/hsti/facilities.aspx]

Law enforcement simulator photo
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-hsti-htc-simulator-heroimage.jpg]
Homeland Security Training Institute (HSTI) [https://www.cod.edu/hsti/]Live
Online Training Courses


LIVE ONLINE TRAINING COURSES

Please click on the titles for more information and to register.


SIKH TEMPLE SHOOTING: A FIRST RESPONDER'S PERSPECTIVE
[http://www.eventbrite.com/e/hsti-live-sikh-temple-shooting-first-responders-perspective-registration-8263330845]

Hear firsthand from Lt. Brian Murphy and other members of the Oak Creek Police
Department as they conduct a 6-hour seminar detailing the Sikh Temple Shooting
with a candid curriculum of "lessons learned."


WORKPLACE SAFETY, VIOLENCE AND ACTIVE SHOOTERS
[https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hsti-live-workplace-safety-violence-and-active-shooters-on-demand-video-registration-10528929311]

During this 4-hour program, participants will gain information that will allow
them to develop a plan to safely deal with potential situations of violence.
Designed for Businesses and Schools


PRISONER SUICIDE PREVENTION
[https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hsti-prisoner-suicide-prevention-webinar-registration-15444867013]

Taking the necessary steps to provide your officers with this web based Prisoner
Suicide Prevention training program will provide a safer incarceration/holding
environment while minimizing your agency's exposure to possible litigation.


PREPARING FOR PROMOTION
[https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hsti-preparing-for-promotion-webinar-registration-15444887073]

Police career advancement is more difficult than ever in a tough economy but
Preparing for Promotion has been developed especially to give you the edge.


NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY ACTIVE SHOOTER INCIDENT
[https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hsti-live-northern-illinois-university-active-shooter-incident-on-demand-video-registration-10528963413]

This course is designed for campus police departments, and all other first
responder organizations.  An in-depth analysis of the event will be conducted
and will include reflections from the initial first responders to the incident,
the investigation, and the aftermath.  Lessons learned from the incident will be
covered and discussion will include strengthening security measures to prepare
for an active shooter event.


RESCUE TASK FORCE CONCEPT: RESPONSE TO ACTIVE SHOOTER INCIDENTS
[http://www.eventbrite.com/e/hsti-live-rescue-task-force-concept-on-demand-webinar-registration-11140642963]

Every tactical incident that creates mass casualties has two time sensitive
tasks that pit emergency responders against the clock. Through self evaluation
the Oak Creek Police and Fire Departments have developed a new response/paradigm
that will change the way Emergency Medical Services (EMS) are introduced at
critical incidents, i.e. active shooters, bombings etc. It is through these
changes EMS will achieve its mission and be able to safely treat those in need
of critical care, thereby saving lives.


CONCEALED CARRY WEAPONS FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT
[http://hsti-concealed-carry.eventbrite.com/]

This 4-hour course conducted by Jim Volpe, Commander Wheaton P.D./Licensed
Attorney, has been designed to provide all peace officers, regardless of primary
assignment or experience, a thorough review of Public Act 098-0063, commonly
known as the "Concealed Carry Law".

 * HSTI Podcasts [/hsti/podcasts.aspx]

 * Homeland Security Training Institute
   [/_resources/img/microsites/hsti-logo-white.png] /hsti/index.aspx
 * Homeland Security Training Institute at College of DuPage 425 Fawell Blvd.,
   Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2183 [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   

 * Map and Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Legal and Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Emergencies and Severe Weather Info [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Veterans Services [/admission/veteran/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/hsti/online_training.pcf]