https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/hvacr/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Female student measuring gauge
[/_resources/img/hero/hvacr-student-female-gauge.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Heating, Ventilation, Air
Conditioning and Refrigeration (HVACR) Program


HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATION PROGRAM

The Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration (HVACR) program at
College of DuPage provides both a general technical background in HVACR and also
allows for specialization in many areas of the industry.

Students learn about refrigeration, air conditioning and heating, electrical
circuitry, control equipment and system design, as well as troubleshooting and
equipment installation. Take HVACR courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hvacr/] in testing, troubleshooting and
equipment installation. 

Our degree and certificate programs prepare students for positions as
technicians and mechanics, installers, stationary operators, managers,
contractors and HVACR business owners. With proper planning, students can
continue their education at a four-year college or university and pursue a
degree in mechanical or electrical engineering. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Find employment with utility or supply chain companies companies, governmental
organizations or manage your own business.

Why CODDegreeCertificate
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in HVACR, planning to transfer to a
four-year college or university or updating your skills, College of DuPage has
the right program for you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/hvacr/contact.aspx] with years of
   practical industry experience, certification, and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities
   [/academics/programs/hvacr/lab-tours.aspx] and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening, and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Affiliations with many industry and trade associations such as The American
   Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers  (ASHRAE),
   the Air Conditioning Contractors of America (ACCA), Refrigeration Service
   Engineers Society (RSES), as well as local unions ensure that the students
   gain knowledge and skills that are relevant and in demand by today’s
   employers.

Degree


FACILITY MAINTENANCE MECHANIC

The Facility Maintenance Mechanic, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/facility-maintenance-mechanic-aas/]
degree is designed for students seeking a career in facility maintenance. The
degree course track prepares students for commercial and industrial facility
maintenance employment.


HVACR SERVICE TECHNICIAN

The Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Service Technician,
Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/heating-air-conditioning-refrigeration-service-technician-aas/] degree
offers the most complete background if you are seeking a career as a service
technician or are planning to transfer to a baccalaureate-granting institution.


HVACR CONTRACTOR

The HVACR Contractor, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/hvacr-contractor-aas/],
degree combines the technical training required to be a service technician with
management courses that are essential for success in today's business
environment.

Certificate


BUILDING AUTOMATION SYSTEMS

The Building Automation Systems (BAS)
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/building-automation-systems-bas-certificate/]certificate
prepares students for a growing field that merges traditional heating,
ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration knowledge with computer and IT
skills. 


ENERGY AUDIT AND ANALYSIS

The Energy Audit and Analysis
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/energy-audit-analysis-certificate/]
certificate is designed for HVACR and building inspection contractors to expand
their services to include residential and light commercial energy audits and
additional related services. 


ENTRY LEVEL HVACR

The Entry Level HVACR
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/entry-level-hvacr-certificate/]
certificate prepares students for an Entry-Level technician positions in the
HVACR industry.


STATIONARY OPERATOR

The Stationary Operator
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/stationary-operator-certificate/]
certificate prepares students for jobs as stationary machine operators and
building maintenance personnel. 


SERVICE TECHNICIAN CERTIFICATE

The Service Technician
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/service-technician-certificate/]
certificate prepares students for entry- level positions in the HVACR industry.


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in HVACR is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Facility Maintenance Mechanic, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/facility-maintenance-mechanic-aas/]
 * Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Service Technician,
   Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/heating-air-conditioning-refrigeration-service-technician-aas/]
 * Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning, Refrigeration Contractor, Associate
   in Applied Science degree
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/hvacr-contractor-aas/]
 * Building Automation Systems (BAS), Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/building-automation-systems-bas-certificate/]
 * Energy Audit and Analysis, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/energy-audit-analysis-certificate/]
 * Stationary Operator, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/stationary-operator-certificate/]
 * Service Technician, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/service-technician-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Program graduates will:

 * Understand tools and instruments and how they apply to the HVAC/R industry.
 * Formulate an installation or trouble shooting plan utilizing proper tools and
   instruments.
 * Identify and implement safety procedures for all tasks.
 * Provide a quality control plan that identifies and analyzes data for the
   HVAC/R industry.
 * Apply the principles of engineering, mathematics and science to analyze and
   solve mechanical, electrical, airflow, and energy problems in the HVAC/R
   industry.
 * Understand the impact of HVAC/R actions as it relates to the environment.
 * Demonstrate knowledge of local, state and federal laws as they apply to the
   HVAC/R industry.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the HVACR program.

What courses should I begin taking in my first semester?

If you are planning to attend school full-time (at least 12 semester hours of
classes), suggested first semester courses can be found in the course catalog
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/heating-ventilation-air-conditioning-refrigeration/].
Suggested courses for your first semester are listed in the information for each
degree/certificate.

If you are planning to attend part-time, then regardless of the degree or
certificate, we suggest that you enroll in HVACR 1100 first, followed by HVACR
1105, HVACR 1161 and HVACR 1110.

How long will it take me to get my degree?
The degrees can be completed in two years if you attend school full-time.
Can I visit the campus to meet the faculty and see the facilities?
Yes, contact the program advisor [/academics/programs/hvacr/contact.aspx] to
schedule a tour and for more information.
What will my schedule be if I begin taking classes?
Many of the beginning classes [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hvacr/] are
offered during the day and evening. It is possible to take a full schedule of
classes and attend school mainly in the evenings. If you are taking a full
schedule of day classes, you will not be at COD eight hours a day. Most of your
beginning classes will be taken during the mornings. A few classes are offered
on Saturdays.
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
gear icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/career-and-technical.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_5

Career and Technical



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the HVACR Program [/academics/programs/hvacr/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/hvacr/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/hvacr/index.pcf]