https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/cosmetology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

woman working on a models hair [/_resources/img/hero/cosmetology-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Cosmetology Program


COSMETOLOGY PROGRAM

The Cosmetology program at College of DuPage provides professional level skills
in the field of personal beauty. Gain knowledge and skills in a broad range of
disciplines including aesthetics, business, chemical processes, hair design,
nail technology, safety, salon operations and sanitation.

Offered at the Addison Regional Center, located at 301 S. Swift Road in Addison,
students can choose to earn an Associate of Applied Science degree or a
certificate in Cosmetology. Take courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/cosme/] on salon operations, nail
technology, hair styling, chemical services and more. Both part-time and
full-time formats [/academics/programs/cosmetology/cosmetology-fees.aspx] are
available. Once you complete the program, you will be awarded a certificate as
well as transcripts needed to test for state certification through the Illinois
Cosmetology License from the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional
Regulation.


APPLY TO THE COSMETOLOGY PROGRAM

The first step to getting started in the Cosmetology program is to apply for
admission.  [/admission/index.aspx]After you apply to College of DuPage, you
will need to complete the general Cosmetology program application
[/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-program-application.pdf].

If you are a transferring from the Technology Center of DuPage (TCD)
[/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-tcd-transfer-application.pdf],
you will need to fill out the TCD application in lieu of the general cosmetology
application mentioned above.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

There is a diverse range of opportunity in the cosmetology field, including
entrepreneurship, salon owner, makeup artist, and distribution and sales for
major cosmetic and salon chains.

Why CODDegreesCertificatesSalon@COD 
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in cosmetology, planning to transfer or
updating your skills, College of DuPage has the right program for you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors [/academics/programs/cosmetology/contact.aspx] with
   years of practical industry experience, certification and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable tuition [/academics/programs/cosmetology/cosmetology-fees.aspx]
   that gets you on the fast track to success without breaking the bank. 
 * An on-site, professional salon [/academics/programs/cosmetology/salon.aspx]
   where students gain vital hands-on experience.
 * An excellent reputation among prestigious salons in the area that facilitates
   professional networking and expands career opportunities for graduates.
 * Convenient class times offered in full and part-time formats. View the
   cosmetology course schedule.
   [/academics/programs/cosmetology/cosmetology-fees.aspx]

Degrees


COSMETOLOGY, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

Learn professional level techniques in hair design, chemical processes,
esthetics, and nail technology in the Cosmetology, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/cosmetology/cosmetology-aas/] program.
This pathway will prepare you for state certification for the Illinois
Cosmetology License from the Department of Professional and Financial
Regulations.

Certificates


COSMETOLOGY

Students who successfully complete the Cosmetology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/cosmetology/cosmetology-certificate/]
which includes 50 credits of coursework, are eligible to receive a Cosmetology
certificate from College of DuPage. Students who successfully complete the
Cosmetology course requirements will receive the necessary transcripts needed to
test with the state of Illinois.


NAIL TECHNOLOGY

The Nail Technology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/cosmetology/nail-technology-certificate/]
provides students with skills and knowledge for employment in this exciting,
growing industry. Designed to be completed in one semester, this 16-credit hour
program includes lab and theory. Upon successful completion, students are
eligible to apply for a cosmetology license through the Department of Financial
and Federal Regulation and test through the state of Illinois. Note: This
program is currently on hold.

Salon@COD 

The Salon at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/cosmetology/salon.aspx]offers a full range of salon
services to members of the community at a fraction of the cost of professional
salons. Under the supervision of licensed instructors, students perform beauty
services, such as cuts, styling, color, manicures, pedicures, facial waxing and
more. 

 


COD STORIES

Zee Gustafson [/about/stories/students/images/zee_gustafson.jpg]

"Had I not been in COD’s Cosmetology program, I would not have been able to
create the characters needed. Looking back, it was crucial to my success and had
I not had the guidance I did, my life would be very different today – not to
mention my business acumen thanks to the additional courses!" - Zee Gustafson

Zee's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gustafson_zee.aspx]


COD STORIES

Gina Steiner headshot [/_resources/img/stories/gina-steiner.jpg]

"By offering both a degree and a certificate, COD enabled me to satisfy my
desire for a stronger educational foundation by pursuing the degree." - Gina
Steiner

Gina's COD Story [/about/stories/students/steiner.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Cosmetology program is to apply for
admission.  [/admission/index.aspx]After you apply to College of DuPage, you
will need to complete the general Cosmetology program application
[/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-program-application.pdf]. If
you are a transferring from the Technology Center of DuPage (TCD), you will need
to fill out the TCD Application
[/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-tcd-transfer-application.pdf],
in lieu of the general cosmetology application mentioned above.

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Cosmetology, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/cosmetology/cosmetology-aas/]
 * Cosmetology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/cosmetology/cosmetology-certificate/]
 * Nail Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/cosmetology/nail-technology-certificate/]
   (This program is currently on hold.)

Program Learning Outcomes

Cosmetology program graduates will:

 * Complete 50 credit hours, which is equivalent to 1500 hours, according to the
   Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation.
 * Be prepared to successfully pass the Illinois State Board Exam in
   Cosmetology.
 * Perform services in hair designing, hair cutting, hair styling, chemical
   texture, hair coloring, nail technology, and skin care.
 * Demonstrate proficiency in salon equipment and tools usage.
 * Practice safety, sanitation, and infection control procedures.
 * Develop business management skills.
 * Present a portfolio designed for job seeking.

fashion show image
[/_resources/img/video/cosmo-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/VfY90qO3Z-I?rel=0

Cosmetologists provide a full range of beauty services, including coloring,
cutting and styling hair, as well as nail care, skin care, makeup and advice.
They also must know the rules and regulations that govern their industry, the
sanitation and safety requirements, and chemical formulations.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Cosmetology
program.

What is the program schedule?

The Cosmetology program is offered in two formats: 

 1. The full-time format is a fast-paced, three semester program. Courses during
    the first semester are offered Mondays to Thursdays from 8 a.m. to 3:50 p.m.
    and Fridays from 10 a.m. to 1:50 p.m. During the second semester, students
    attend Tuesdays to Fridays from 8 a.m. to approximately 3:20 or 3:50 p.m.
    and Saturdays from 9 a.m. to 1:50 p.m. Students will complete the program
    the third semester in a shortened schedule to prepare for the state
    licensing exam.
 2. The part-time program is offered over five semesters. Students generally
    attend Mondays to Thursdays from 5 to approximately 9:50 p.m. Students will
    complete the program the fifth semester in a shortened schedule to prepare
    for the state licensing exam. 

Students must register for all cosmetology courses that are offered each term.
Browse the course schedule and see estimated course fees. 
[/academics/programs/cosmetology/cosmetology-fees.aspx]

What is the admission and registration process?
 1. Apply to College of DuPage [/admission/index.aspx] by completing the online
    admissions application and paying the application fee. 
 2. Set up your myACCESS account and COD email after you have been accepted.
 3. Complete your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
    [https://studentaid.gov/] if you are using financial aid. This following
    list of fees [/academics/programs/cosmetology/cosmetology-fees.aspx] can
    help you determine the cost of the Cosmetology program. 
 4. Take your placement tests
    [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]. You must have
    a high school grade point average of 2.6 or higher; or Category 1 or 2 on
    the reading Accuplacer placement test; or a composite score of 20 or higher
    on the ACT test; or SAT score of 950 or higher; or 500 on the
    verbal/critical reading of the SAT. All scores must be submitted to the
    Record’s office.
 5. Complete the general Cosmetology program application
    [/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-program-application.pdf].
    To be considered for the program, all steps must be complete before
    submitting the application. If you are transferring from TCD, you will need
    to complete the TCD Application
    [/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-tcd-transfer-application.pdf] in
    lieu of the Cosmetology program application. Seats are limited. If the
    program is full, you will be put on a wait list.
 6. Once you are accepted into the Cosmetology program, you will be notified
    that a permit has been submitted and you may register for classes.
 7. You are required to attend an orientation before classes begin. Orientation
    dates will be sent to you through your COD email account. You will also
    receive notification of when and where to pick up your supply kit.

What supplies and attire will I need for the program?

First-year students will be required to purchase an all-inclusive supply kit to
use in class. The kit includes books and equipment. The fee for this kit is
approximately $1650. One book is used for the entire duration of the program.
The kit must be purchased at the Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx] prior to
class. This is not part of tuition and fees
[/academics/programs/cosmetology/cosmetology-fees.aspx]. Left-handed kits are
slightly higher due to left-handed shears. 

If you have leftover financial aid after your tuition and fees have been paid,
you can use your remaining funds to cover the cost of the kit. 

Professional and proper-fitting attire in solid black is required. Pants cannot
be sheer, torn, have holes or frayed bottoms. All clothing and aprons must be
kept clean.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Cosmetology Program [/academics/programs/cosmetology/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/cosmetology/current-students.aspx]




COSMETOLOGY PROGRAM APPLICATIONS

 * General Cosmetology Application
   [/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-program-application.pdf]
 * TCD Transfer Student Application
   [/academics/programs/cosmetology/pdf/cosmetology-tcd-transfer-application.pdf]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/cosmetology/index.pcf]