https://www.cod.edu/gateways/current-students.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Students at football game photo
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-student-life-homecoming-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Gateways [https://www.cod.edu/gateways/]Current
Students


CURRENT STUDENTS

Take advantage of all of the opportunities available for COD students. Join a
club or organization, apply for a  scholarship or receive assistance with your
plans after graduating and transferring to another institution. Multiple are
available to help you study and get involved on campus.


ACADEMICS

student doing classwork
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/academic-calendar.jpg]


ACADEMIC CALENDAR

View the calendar to see final days to withdraw from classes and holiday breaks.

[https://catalog.cod.edu/academic-calendar/]
student in computer lab
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/student-on-computer.jpg]


COURSE CATALOG

Find detailed information about your courses and view academic policies and
procedures.

[https://catalog.cod.edu/]
counseling and advising [/_resources/img/three-column-card/counseling.jpg]


COUNSELING, ADVISING AND TRANSFER SERVICES

Receive support from an academic advisor or meet with a counselor.

[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
cod library [/_resources/img/three-column-card/library.jpg]


LIBRARY

Browse the library's catalog, reserve a book or start research for a project.

[https://library.cod.edu/]
students talking outside [/_resources/img/three-column-card/myaccess.jpg]


MYACCESS

Check out your account summary, view grades and more through MyACCESS.

[https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
scholarships [/_resources/img/three-column-card/scholarships.jpg]


SCHOLARSHIPS

Research scholarships, eligibility requirements and view deadlines.

[/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
photo of female student studying [/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


HONORS PROGRAM

Challenge yourself, enrich your learning and achieve your full potential in the
Honors program.

[/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/index.aspx]


STUDENT LIFE

chaparral in weight room [/_resources/img/three-column-card/athletics.jpg]


ATHLETICS

Join or follow sports and intramurals. Also find information about Chaparral
Fitness.

[https://gochapsgo.com/]
Students sitting outside smiling, talking and laughing
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/outside-students-laughing.jpg]


CENTER FOR STUDENT SUCCESS

Navigators provide ongoing assistance to their assigned students that encourages
and promotes academic success.

[/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
student on computer [/_resources/img/three-column-card/student-computer.jpg]


COD ALERTS

Sign up for COD's automated communication system and be notified of school
closings and other important information.

[/about/police_department/alert_systems.aspx]
college of dupage volunteering [/_resources/img/three-column-card/codcares.jpg]


COD CARES

Give back to DuPage County by donating your time to a variety of community
service organizations.

[/student_life/cod_cares/index.aspx]
french club [/_resources/img/three-column-card/french-club.jpg]


CLUBS & ORGANIZATIONS

Get involved in student life and meet new people by joining a club or
organization.

[/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
cafeteria [/_resources/img/three-column-card/cafeteria.jpg]


DINING AT COD

See the Dining Services hours and find a place to get a bite to eat on campus.

[/student_life/resources/dining/index.aspx]
students walking on campus
[/_resources/img/three-column-card/transfer-students.jpg]


TRANSFER OPPORTUNITIES

Discover partnerships COD has made with other universities and find steps to
transfer.

[/academics/transfer/index.aspx]


AREAS OF INTEREST

 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/webapps/login/]
 * Career Services [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * insideCOD Student Portal [https://inside.cod.edu]
 * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
 * Printing at COD
   [/about/campus-departments/campus-services/print-services/student-printing.aspx]
 * Student Publications [/student_life/publications/index.aspx]


STUDY ABROAD OPPORTUNITIES

Field Studies/Study Abroad [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/index.aspx]
takes your learning outside of the classroom as you experience culture and
language from international destinations.


 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/gateways/current-students.pcf]