https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/isa.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: HAJARA-YASMIN ISA

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Hajara-Yasmin Isa
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Hajara-Yasmin Isa [/about/stories/students/images/hajara_yasmin_isa.jpg]


Major: Computer Science

Hajara-Yasmin Isa revels in challenging herself.

“I’m constantly trying to come up with a faster and easier way to accomplish a
task,” she said. “I love logic and algorithms—hence why my favorite game is
chess. One of my favorite quotes, ‘The more you know, the more you know you know
nothing,’ I believe is built into my system. I yearn for knowledge and love to
see advancement, and I believe the future is created when we think outside the
box. Computer science offers me just that challenge.”

Isa decided to enroll at College of DuPage because it provides a quality
education at an affordable rate. Family and friends also encouraged her to start
at COD for its many opportunities and location close to home.

Her experience at COD was like no other.

“I genuinely feel prepared for my next step,” she said. “Through the
organizations I involved myself in, I learned so much and I’m confident in
advancing to the next stage. I believe the opportunities I came across at COD,
such as serving as the president of the Student Leadership Council, becoming a
member of Phi Theta Kappa and joining the New Student Orientation Leader team,
taught me to increase my comfort zone and spend more time in my learning zone.

Student Life [/student_life/index.aspx]



“Each aspect of my life at COD brought forth a different type of growth. SLC
helped me develop as a leader, a team player and gave me techniques needed to
succeed in corporate America. The honors courses helped me increase my endurance
academically and non-academically. Through my semesters at COD, I saw myself
develop and grow. With the help of faculty who currently work in the field of my
major, I was able to get great insight as to what is to come.”

Isa transferred to the University of Illinois at Chicago and earned a bachelor's
degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on artificial intelligence. In 2020,
she interned at Productive Edge, a software firm in Chicago, and has since
worked in multiple sub-disciplines of computer science. She is now focusing on
HCI (human-centered interaction) and AI.

In addition, Isa has published “Intro to Computer Science in Hausa,” an
introduction to programming for middle school students in the language Hausa.

“I want to be with people who like to think outside the box and like to
challenge themselves,” she said. “I am planning to start my own organization in
Northern Nigeria to help bring technology and technical education to the younger
generation.”

Her advice to students considering COD is to take control of their destiny.

“The pencil is in the hand of the creator, so start writing,” Isa said. “Our
lives are our own unique books. Whether you are interested in professional,
educational or personal development, COD is ready to help you succeed as long as
you are willing to put in hard work. Stay on top of your academic work and try
to do what you can in advance—trust me, it will come in handy. Learn your habits
and use them to work for you and remember every day is a new day for you to
grow.

“I am so happy I started my first two years at COD because it is a great
institution to begin your educational career.”

Learn more about the Computer and Information Science program at College of
DuPage [/academics/programs/cis/index.aspx]



 


MORE COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE STORIES

Matthew Vitt [/about/stories/students/images/matthew_vitt.jpg]

"When I actually started computer science classes at College of DuPage, I was
very impressed at how knowledgeable the teachers were." - Matthew Vitt

Matthew's COD Story [/about/stories/students/vitt.aspx]


MORE COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE STORIES

Veronica Breguta [/about/stories/students/images/veronica_breguta.jpg]

"If you have the opportunity, go to College of DuPage. I can tell you firsthand
that it will help you build a strong foundation for you career." - Veronica
Breguta

Veronica's COD Story [/about/stories/students/breguta.aspx]


MORE COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE STORIES

Robert Hickok [/about/stories/students/images/robert_hickok.jpg]

"I was actually startled when I found out some of my professors’ previous work
histories. For me to work with such talented people for as little as I paid in
tuition shows the power COD has." - Robert Hickok

Robert's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hickok.aspx]


MORE COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE STORIES

Adriana Mendez [/about/stories/students/images/adriana_mendez.jpg]

“I would highly recommend this college because it is a place where you can find
good people, counselors and teachers who are willing to help us succeed in our
education.” - Adriana Mendez

Adriana's COD Story [/about/stories/students/mendez_adriana.aspx]


MORE COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE STORIES

Naila Sabahat story [/about/stories/students/images/naila-sabahat.jpg]

“I am happy that my journey at COD has led to so many positive experiences.” -
Naila Sabahat

Naila's COD Story [/about/stories/students/sabahat.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/isa.pcf]