https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Teal English banner with a scrambled alphabet and white column
[/_resources/img/hero/english-writing-studies.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]English Programs
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/english/]Writing Studies


WRITING STUDIES

In a constantly changing world of digital communication, the study of writing is
needed more than ever. Employers are looking for—and hiring—modern writers,
those who can make the complex clear, produce and revise texts across screens,
and move an audience in a new direction. The two-time national-award winning
Writing Studies program [/news/2023/february/writing-studies-award.aspx]
prepares you for this career.

At the heart of every Writing Studies’ course is the study of rhetoric, the
ancient art of finding and circulating arguments. You will take rhetorical
theory and apply it to real situations. This hands-on, real world,
problem-solving approach to writing [/news/2023/may/cree-writing-studies.aspx]
is a unique experience that prepares you for academic, public, and professional
writing and affords you the opportunity to assemble a professional portfolio
that you can use on the job market and when transferring to four-year
institutions.

In addition to our courses
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/courses.aspx], the Writing Studies
program hosts a professional writing lecture series
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/writing-professionally.aspx],
provides exclusive transfer agreements
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/transfer-agreements.aspx] with
several universities, and offers you a chance to earn our national award-winning
Professional Writing Certificate
[https://ncte.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/OP_Past_Winners.pdf] that can be
completed fully online and in less than a year. [/academics/online/index.aspx]

Whether you intend to write as a career or are looking to make a difference in
your community with your writing, come join us in Writing Studies and write the
world.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The rhetorical and problem-solving skills learned through Writing Studies are
foundational to diverse career fields including law, medicine, politics,
teaching, business, public relations, marketing and writing.



Find a Writing Studies Course
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/courses.aspx]



Why CODDegreesCertificatesProgram Philosophy
Why COD

Whether you want to advance or change your career or transfer to a four-year
institution, Writing Studies offers:

 * A national award-winning certificate
   [https://ncte.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/OP_Past_Winners.pdf] that can be
   completed fully online and in less than a year. 
 * An affordable program with flexible course offerings.
 * Exclusive transfer agreements
   [/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/transfer-agreements.aspx] with
   several partnering universities, saving you time and money on your bachelor’s
   degree.
 * An advisory board 
   [/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/advisory-board.aspx]of local
   professional writers, informing faculty of the latest trends in professional
   writing and providing feedback on students’ professional portfolios.
 * A history of student success
   [/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/student-successes.aspx]. 

Degrees


ENGLISH/WRITING STUDIES TRANSFER PATHWAY, ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The English Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/english-transfer-pathway-aa/]
enables students to choose their own path of study in English including Writing
Studies and graduate with an Associate in Arts degree. This track helps provides
a seamless transfer to a baccalaureate-granting institution.

Certificates


PROFESSIONAL WRITING, CERTIFICATE

The Professional Writing certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/professional-writing-certificate/]
offers students the opportunity to learn how to communicate effectively and
apply their rhetoric and writing skills to professional audiences including
business, industry, government, nonprofit, healthcare and technology.

Students typically complete the certificate in about a year, and most do so,
fully online. The Writing Studies Courses
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/courses.aspx] webpage can help you
determine your timeline of completion.

Program Philosophy

We believe that the study of rhetoric and writing can improve students' lives.
Whether they pursue an academic, public, or professional path, Writing Studies
prepares students to engage with writing and effect change in their communities.
Our theoretical and practical approach provides students with the tools to read
situations, identify problems, and locate solutions. In an ever-changing world
mediated by digital technologies, Writing Studies offers students a way in, to
participate in conflicts and conversations, with effective writing techniques.


COD STORIES

Danielle Spence [/about/stories/students/images/danielle-spence.jpg]

"Copywriting, grant writing, journalism, and editing were just a few paths that
would allow me to combine my love for storytelling with my lifestyle goals. COD
helped me gain the knowledge, skills and experience necessary to become a
writing professional." - Danielle Spence

Danielle's COD Story [/about/stories/students/spence.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rodney Fair [/about/stories/students/images/rodney-fair.jpg]

"COD has given me the courage to face opposition with well-written communication
and introduce the unknown with compassionate yet confident and professional
language." - Rodney Fair

Rodney's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fair.aspx]


COD STORIES

Andrea Hamler [/about/stories/students/images/andrea-hamler.jpg]

"After completing the Professional Writing Certificate and taking other Writing
Studies and Creative Writing classes at COD, I have a credential and writing
samples that allowed me to not only get into a master’s program in Writing
Rhetoric and Discourse at DePaul University, but I also received a fellowship
that will pay half of my tuition." - Andrea Hamler

Andrea's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hamler.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Writing Studies is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * English Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts, Writing Studies Track
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/english-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]
 * Professional Writing, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/english/professional-writing-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

By studying Writing at College of DuPage, students will:


FORMULATE WRITTEN ARGUMENTS

 * Locate and analyze audiences.
 * Identify ways to persuade audiences.
 * Gather research and data.
 * Use rhetoric and research appropriately to achieve desired effects.


LOCATE AND USE INFORMATION

 * Collect already published research, data, studies, and evidence.
 * Gather your own new data through interviews, surveys and observations.
 * Assemble ethical arguments using this data to move an audience.


CHALLENGE ASSUMPTIONS AND DEVELOP RESPONSES

 * Read about the history, context, and motives surrounding rhetorical events.
 * Analyze these motives for rhetorical purposes.
 * Locate evidence for these assumptions.
 * Invent viable responses.
 * Circulate logically structured arguments to appropriate audiences.

Where You Can Transfer

The Writing Studies program has partnered with several universities for you to
transfer seamlessly to earn your bachelor’s degree. 

Exclusive transfer agreements save you time and money. DePaul University
[https://offices.depaul.edu/community-college-partnerships/PublishingImages/LA-19-24997DePaul22flyer_.pdf],
Elmhurst University
[https://www.elmhurst.edu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/elmhurst-university-college-dupage-22-english-writing-track.pdf],
and University of Arkansas at Little Rock
[https://ualr.edu/transfer/files/2021/12/Degree-Plan-Checklist-COD-AAS-EWS-UALR-BA-PTW-12.10.21.pdf]
(online) have agreed to accept Writing Studies courses to for their 100-, 200-,
and in some cases, 300-level courses for their Bachelors of Arts programs. You
can complete at least half of your Bachelor of Arts degree in Writing Studies at
COD for the COD price.

Meet the Writing Studies Faculty


STEVEN ACCARDI

 * PhD: Arizona State University
 * MA: DePaul University
 * BA: Loyola University Chicago

Dr. Steven Accardi [/faculty/websites/accardis/index.aspx] is Program Chair of
Writing Studies and the Professional Writing Certificate. He earned his PhD in
Rhetoric and Composition from Arizona State University, specializing in
rhetorical theory. He has published in WPA: Writing Program Administration,
Composition Studies, Teaching Writing in the Two-Year College, and Journal of
Second Language Writing. Dr. Accardi was awarded Outstanding Honors Faculty by
the College of DuPage Honors Student Advisory Committee. He teaches several
courses in the Writing Studies program, such as Advanced Composition,
Argumentative Writing, Writing in the Professions, Writing for Nonprofits,
Technical Writing, Workplace Writing, as well as Composition I and Composition
II.


JAMES ALLEN

 * PhD: University of South Carolina
 * MA: University of South Carolina
 * BA: University of South Carolina, Spartanburg

Dr. James Allen [/faculty/websites/allenj/index.aspx] earned his PhD in Rhetoric
and Composition from University of South Carolina, specializing in classical
rhetorical theory and early American literature. He has presented papers at the
Conference on College Composition and Communication and the National Learning
Communities Conference. From 1998 to 2002, he served as COD's Writing Placement
Professional Assistant, overseeing the evaluation of written essays for
placement into writing courses. He currently serves as the Faculty Chair of the
Learning Communities Program. Dr. Allen teaches Workplace Writing, Composition
I, and Composition II and helped design Advanced Composition.


MARY ELIZABETH CICCHETTI

 * MBA: Loyola University Chicago
 * MA: Roosevelt University
 * BA: Drake University

Mary Elizabeth Cicchetti earned her MBA with a concentration in marketing from
Loyola University Chicago and an MA in English and journalism from Roosevelt
University. Enjoying a dual career as a college professor as well as a marketing
communications specialist, she has created and implemented numerous marketing
campaigns and materials for a variety of companies, primarily for the insurance
and financial services industries. An award-winning writer, she has published
articles in the Chicago Tribune, “O, The Oprah Magazine,” “Parents Magazine,” as
well as national and international industry publications and websites. Professor
Cicchetti teaches Workplace Writing, and Composition I and Composition II. 


JILLIAN GRAUMAN

 * PhD: Iowa State University
 * MA: Washington State University
 * BA: Luther College

Dr. Jillian Grauman [/faculty/websites/graumanj/index.aspx] earned her PhD in
Rhetoric and Professional Communication from Iowa State University, specializing
in writing program administration and composition studies. She has presented at
the Council of Writing Program Administrators Conference, Conference on College
Composition and Communication, and International Writing Centers Association
conference. She has published in WPA: Writing Program Administration and WLN: A
Journal of Writing Center Scholarship. Dr. Grauman teaches several courses in
Writing Studies, including Editing in the Professions, Writing Center Theory and
Practice, Workplace Writing, Technical Writing, Composition I, and Composition
II.


KIMBERLY GROVES

 * MA: Clemson University
 * BA: University of Kentucky

Kimberly Groves is pursuing a PhD in Rhetoric and Writing from Michigan State
University, specializing in digital rhetorics, professional writing, and women
and gender studies. Professor Groves earned her Master’s in Writing, Rhetoric,
and Media from Clemson University and a certification in Effective Online
Teaching through the College of Education. She has published in Kairos: A
Journal of Rhetoric, Technology, and Pedagogy and The Human Factors and
Ergonomics Society. Professor Groves revised and teaches Digital Writing, along
with, Workplace Writing, Composition I, and Composition II.  


AUGIE MORADO

 * MA: Northern Illinois University
 * BA: Judson University

Augie Morado is completing a PhD in English at Northern Illinois University,
specializing in digital rhetoric. He has presented his research on greentext
stories at the Conference on College Composition and Communication. His next
project looks at new types of storytelling that novel technologies (like the
Internet) make possible and the rhetoric behind them. Professor Morado teaches
Workplace Writing, Composition I, and Composition II.


MUHAMMED SAADIQ

 * MA: Bowling Green State University
 * MEd: University of Central Florida
 * BA: University of South Florida

Muhammed Saadiq earned a MA in Writing and Rhetoric from Bowling Green State
University. He also holds a MEd in Teacher Leadership, specializing in English
Education, and a Graduate Certificate in Teaching English as a Foreign & Second
Language from the University of Central Florida. Professor Saadiq co-chairs the
annual Illinois Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages-Bilingual
Education conference and fall workshop. He teaches Workplace Writing,
Composition I, Composition II, and all levels of Academic ESL.


NICK SANDERS

 * MA: University of Maine
 * BA: College of Saint Rose
 * AA: Fulton-Montgomery Community College

Nick Sanders is completing his PhD in Rhetoric and Writing at Michigan State
University, focusing on writing program/center administration and antiracist
pedagogies. Nick has presented his work on language justice at the Conference on
College Composition and Communication and the National Council of the Teachers
of English. He has published on coalitional approaches to learning in Technical
Communication Quarterly and antiracist staff development in The Peer Review.
Professor Sanders teaches Workplace Writing.


ANNIE SCHNARR

 * PhD: University of California, Riverside
 * MA: Western Illinois University
 * MAT: Boston University
 * BA: Oberlin College

Dr. Annie Schnarr earned a PhD in English, with a specialization in Rhetoric and
Composition, from the University of California, Riverside. She has been a
contributing editor for The St. Martin's Guide to Writing and has presented her
research at the Pacific and Modern Language Association Conference and the
Conference on College Composition and Communication. Her research interests
include first-year student success and writing transfer. Dr. Schnarr teaches
Workplace Writing and Composition I.


LEARN MORE ABOUT WRITING STUDIES

Students writing in class
[/_resources/img/video/students-classroom-writing.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/IkxOCC0AoO0?rel=0

You may be asking yourself, what is the Writing Studies program? At the heart of
every Writing Studies’ course is the study of rhetoric, the ancient art of
finding and circulating arguments.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Enrolling in the Professional Writing Certificate has allowed me to branch out
into the world of business writing better than any specific course could have
done. [...] Having the opportunity to interview and observe writing from an
actual business allowed insight into a world that can only be described in
classes but not understood.

Spencer PhillabaumProfessional Writing Certificate Graduate


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Writing Studies
program.

Can I earn a bachelor’s degree in Writing Studies?
Yes, the Writing Studies program has several specialized transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/english.aspx] with nationally recognized writing
studies programs. Depending upon which program you pick, you can complete more
than half of your bachelor’s degree at COD.
How do I register for Writing Studies courses?
 1. Enroll as a COD student. [/admission/index.aspx]
 2. If you already have a bachelor’s degree, send your transcripts to the Office
    of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]. Most likely you have completed
    first-year writing courses and would be given credit for Composition I
    and/or Composition II.
 3. Finally, complete the Student Academic Program Change Form
    [/records/forms/academic-program-change.aspx]. Use program code
    ENGLI.CER.PROF.  Submit and you are officially enrolled in the program.

Can I complete the certificate fully online?

Yes, the Professional Writing Certificate can be completed fully online and in
less than a year [/academics/online/index.aspx]. Scroll to the bottom of our
courses [/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/courses.aspx] page to
determine your timeline of completion. If you wish to continue your studies
online, some of our transfer partners
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/transfer-agreements.aspx] offer
fully online bachelor’s degree in professional writing.

What can I do with the certificate?

Most Writing Studies students use the certificate to advance in their careers,
change careers to something more writing-centric, gain an internship or
entry-level position in professional writing, or transfer to a university with a
nearly completed writing minor. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics
[https://www.bls.gov/ooh/media-and-communication/technical-writers.htm#tab-4],
jobs in professional writing are growing 12 percent faster than average, and
professional writing certificates “demonstrate competence and professionalism,
making candidates more attractive to employers. A professional credential also
may increase a technical writer’s opportunities for advancement.”

Can I apply for financial aid?

Yes, the Professional Writing Certificate is an 18.0 credit hour program, so it
is approved for financial aid. Visit Student Financial Assistance
[/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx] for more information.

When I complete the certificate, how do I ensure the credential is on my
official COD transcript?

During the semester in which you plan on graduating, compete the Application for
Degree or Certificate [/records/forms/application-degree-certificate.aspx]. Add
program code ENGLI.CER.PROF. Submit and the credential will be on your official
COD transcript.

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact English [/academics/programs/english/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/english/current-students.aspx]



Professional Writing Lecture SeriesLearn More
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/writing-professionally.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/index.pcf]