https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/career-services-team.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Exterior view of Student Resource Center
[/_resources/img/hero/campus-outside-src-daytime-spring-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Career Services Center
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/]Meet the Career
Services Team


MEET THE CAREER SERVICES TEAM

Meet the Career Services team at College of DuPage.

Rebecca Rivers [/student_life/resources/career-services/images/rivers.jpg]


REBECCA HARRINGTON

Career Services Specialist


WHAT DO YOU ENJOY ABOUT THE WORK YOU DO?

I love helping people reach their goals. Career prep and job searching can be
nerve-racking, so I enjoy listening and sharing ideas with students, alumni, and
community members that help make that process easier.


WHAT HOBBIES, VOLUNTEERING OR PASSION PROJECTS DO YOU DO OUTSIDE OF WORK?

Outside of work I have a podcast, Ghostly, that keeps me very busy. I am also a
member of a local theater development company focused on bringing more arts to
the suburban Chicago area called Memoriam Development.


WHAT ADVICE WOULD YOU GIVE TO YOUR COLLEGE AGED SELF?

Don't be afraid to explore. It is okay to try out different career ideas and to
remember that while your major helps you in your career, it doesn't always
decide your career.

Michelle Malik
[/student_life/resources/career-services/images/michelle-malik.jpg]


MICHELLE MALIK

Career Services Specialist


WHAT DO YOU ENJOY ABOUT THE WORK YOU DO?

I love clarifying information for students and helping them feel more informed
about processes and resources at COD. It’s neat to see the light bulb go off and
to assist our students in feeling more comfortable on campus. I enjoy helping
students advocate for themselves as well.


WHAT HOBBIES, VOLUNTEERING, OR PASSION PROJECTS DO YOU DO OUTSIDE OF WORK?

When I’m not at work, I love spending time with family, friends, and my cat,
Penny. I also enjoy listening to true crime podcasts, walking/getting lost in
new neighborhoods, baking, and being creative. Pre-pandemic, I enjoyed attending
rock concerts and make it a point to listen to music every day. I can’t live
without it!


WHAT ADVICE WOULD YOU GIVE YOUR COLLEGE-AGED SELF?

Practice school-life balance because your undergraduate years go by too quickly.
Make new friends, attend school events/games, and push yourself outside of your
comfort zone! Also, being a first generation college student, I would remind
myself that it’s okay to ask questions to learn, and I would want to find a
mentor who could support me through my college journey.

Pierre Michiels [/student_life/resources/career-services/images/michiels.jpg]


PIERRE MICHIELS

Career Services Specialist


WHAT DO YOU ENJOY ABOUT THE WORK YOU DO?

It is never the same, each person is unique with different goals and
backgrounds. With my work I get to know people, discover their differences, and
help them communicate that to employers/others. Along with providing support for
their professional growth.


WHAT HOBBIES, VOLUNTEERING OR PASSION PROJECTS DO YOU DO OUTSIDE OF WORK?

Almost every Sunday you can find me volunteering in the children's ministry at
church. Beyond that I am always happy to lend a helping hand for those that need
it, more specifically I am passionate about helping those that are homeless and
advocating for individuals with disabilities. For hobbies I just enjoy being
active and involved. During the summer I am always looking to be outdoors hiking
or taking in music at local fests. I really enjoy discovering new music!


WHAT ADVICE WOULD YOU GIVE TO YOUR COLLEGE AGED SELF?

I would tell my college age self to go out and explore more. I grew up in a
sheltered household and never got to experience or truly discover the different
cultures, landscapes, and possibilities out there. As a college student I got to
see some of it but there was so much more I could have done at that time. It was
not until the end of my college experience I really started exploring more and
that is when I truly discovered myself and how I wanted to be moving forward.

Melissa Schertz [/student_life/resources/career-services/images/schertz.jpg]


MELISSA SCHERTZ

Career Services Specialist


WHAT DO YOU ENJOY ABOUT THE WORK YOU DO?

The challenge of helping students become aware of not only our office but the
services we provide. I truly enjoy the challenge of shifting the perception that
we're much more than just "that office you visit near graduation." My favorite
moments are those when a student stops and says "wait I had no idea this is what
you do and this is exactly what I need."


WHAT HOBBIES, VOLUNTEERING OR PASSION PROJECTS DO YOU DO OUTSIDE OF WORK?

Figure skating, knitting, baking, Disney Parks, watching The Office, hanging
with her doggie, Logan, and husband Mike.


WHAT ADVICE WOULD YOU GIVE TO YOUR COLLEGE AGED SELF?

I wish someone would have said "SNAP OUT OF IT" and made me recognize that
college is much more than just going to class. There's no harm in learning about
campus resources and branching out during your first year. Recognize that you
don't know what you don't know and ask questions. What you learn might surprise
you. There are a number of valuable resources I was unaware of until I became a
Career Specialist. Don't fall into the rut of only going to class. There's so
much more!

  Visit Career Center on X [https://X.com/CODCareerCenter]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/career-services/career-services-team.pcf]