https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/cis/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students working on computers
[/_resources/img/hero/computerinformationsystems-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Computer and Information Science
Program


COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE PROGRAM

The Computer and Information Science (CIS) program gives students a variety of
options to prepare for a career in information technology (IT). Earn one of six
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/]Associate
in Applied Science degrees in application and technical support, game animation
and design, game programming and development and software development. Over
fifteen certifications
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/] are also
available for students interested in taking specialized courses to update their
skills.

CIS courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/cis/]are designed to give
professionals working outside the IT field the knowledge to utilize current and
emerging technologies required for their jobs. A few recent course additions
include: AI Technical Essentials, Swift Programming Language, AR and VR
Development, Introduction to Human-Computer, Interaction and Data Analytics and
Visualization.

Facilities and equipment for the CIS program are housed in the Seaton Computing
Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/scc.aspx] (SCC) and Berg
Instructional Center
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx](BIC). Facilities
include high-tech classrooms, augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR), a
visual and simulation lab, networking hardware labs, a server/internetworking
lab, software/web development labs and end-user labs.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Job growth in computer-related careers is expected to continue into the next
decade. Career opportunities are varied and include application developers,
computer service technicians, data entry personnel, network administrators,
programmers, software developers, support technicians, video game developers and
web specialists.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in the IT industry, planning to transfer
to a four-year baccalaureate-granting institution or updating your skills,
College of DuPage has the right program for you. We offer: 

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Training that is accredited and certified by industry associations and
   educational organizations ensure the most up-to-date and relevant training
   necessary for a competitive edge on the job market and a successful career.
 * Articulated computer and information system transfer and 3+1 agreements
   [/academics/transfer/programs/computer-information-science.aspx] with
   respected baccalaureate-granting institutions enable seamless transfer of
   earned credits.

Degrees

Each degree program consists of a minimum of 64 credits in general education
requirements and program requirements.


APPLICATION AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST

The Application and Technical Support Specialist
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/application-technical-support-specialist-aas/] degree
program prepares students to work as support specialists for a range of
technology products.

Students gain skills and knowledge in computer programming, customer service,
Linux and UNIX operating systems, networking, PC maintenance and upgrading, and
system analysis and design. 


GAME ANIMATION AND DESIGN

The Game Animation and Design
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-animation-design-aas/]
degree program prepares students to create animations, design and develop video
games and incorporate art assets using game industry tools.

Students learn concepts and techniques in 2D and 3D game design and development
for Windows PC, game consoles and virtual reality, basic theory of design
through practiced professional game design techniques, game asset creation,
programming logic using Python.

Animation will be stressed in a studio art atmosphere where students will be
introduced to historical through present day animation, and will create 2D and
3D animations and special effects for film and video games.

The Game Animation and Design Associate in Applied Sciences degree is a
nationally accredited program through the National Association of Schools of Art
and Design (NASAD). [http://nasad.arts-accredit.org]


GAME DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

The Game Design and Development
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-design-development-aas/]
degree program prepares students to design and develop video games through
application of game design elements and development tools used in the game
industry.

Students learn concepts and techniques in 2D and 3D game design and development
for Windows PC, game consoles virtual reality, game asset creation, programming
logic using Python, and C++ language programming.

Game design will be stressed in both theory and practice, from basic theory of
design through practiced professional game design techniques. 


GAME PROGRAMMING AND DEVELOPMENT

The Game Programming and Development
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-programming-development-aas/]
degree program prepares students to develop video games using industry standard
programming languages, tools, and techniques. Students will learn concepts and
techniques in 2D and 3D game design and development for Windows PC, game
consoles and virtual reality, programming logic using Python, system analysis.

The C++ programming language will be stressed both in theory and in practice,
from basic syntax to development of data structures required during software
development. Assembly language programming, software engineering techniques
needed to create custom game engines.


SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT

The Software Development
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/software-development-aas/]
degree program prepares students to work in a variety of roles in the field of
computer technology. Students gain knowledge and skills in computer programming,
HTML and XML programming languages, database applications, Linux and UNIX
operating systems, networking, and system analysis and design.

This degree can be earned with emphasis in C++, Java, Visual Basic, or .NET.


WEB DEVELOPMENT

The Web Development
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-development-aas/]
degree is designed for students who wish to enter into the web development
market or already working as a web developer in the industry. This degree
prepares students to design and develop web sites using the popular web
development technologies of the day.

Certificates

The CIS program offers certificates in a variety of disciplines. These targeted
programs range in length from 12 to 35 credit hours. Most students enroll in
these programs to improve their on-the-job credentials, retrain for a new career
in technology, or upgrade skills for a competitive edge in the job market.

Please note: Several classes have prerequisite requirements. Students should
consult with a faculty advisor for more information on prerequisite requirements
for specific programs.


BUSINESS PRODUCTIVITY

The Business Productivity Software
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/business-productivity-software-certificate/]
certificate requires 19 credits.


C++ LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY

The C++ Language Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/c-language-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate requires 15 credits.


DATA ANALYTICS AND VISUALIZATION

The Data Analytics and Visualization
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/data-analytics-certificate/]
certificate prepares students for entry-level data analysis, setup and usage of
business intelligence and data analysis solutions.


DATABASE PROFICIENCY

The Database Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/database-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate requires proficiency in using Windows.


ENTERPRISE DATABASE PROFICIENCY

The Enterprise Database Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/enterprise-database-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate recommends the completion of 4932 Desktop Database Proficiency
certificate.


GAME DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

The Game Design and Development
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-design-development-certificate/]
certificate will prepare the student for careers in video game design and
development.


GAME PROGRAMMING AND DEVELOPMENT

The Game Programming and Development
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-programming-development-certificate/]
certificate prepares the student to program and develop video games using
programming languages and development tools used in the game industry.


INTERNET OF THINGS (IOT) PROFICIENCY

The Internet of Things (IoT) Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/internet-of-things-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate is designed for students who have already earned an associates or
baccalaureate degree in a technical field and/or are employed in the technical
industry.

This certificate prepares students to design and develop applications using
Internet connected single-board computers and sensor devices.


IOS DEVELOPER PROFICIENCY

The iOS Developer Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/iphone-ipad-developer-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate prepares the student to design and develop applications for Apple
iOS platform in accordance with Apple development standards. 


JAVA LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY

The JAVA Language Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/java-language-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate requires 15 credits.


LINUX

The LINUX
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/linux-certificate/]
certificate documents proficiency in the Linux operating system and its
environment. 


PYTHON LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY

The Python Language Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/python-language-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate provides students with core competencies in the use of the Python
Programming Language.

Students are required to complete coursework that includes basic and advanced
concepts in Python language programming, computer information systems, data
structure application, Python standard library applications, Data science, and
programming logic and design.


SPREADSHEET PROFICIENCY

This Windows based Spreadsheet Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/spreadsheet-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate prepares students to utilize spreadsheets, analyze data, and apply
business intelligence tools in business applications.


UNIX PROFICIENCY

The UNIX Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/unix-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate requires 16 credits.


VISUAL BASIC LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY

The Visual BASIC Language Proficiency
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/visual-basic-language-proficiency-certificate/]
certificate requires 15 credits.


WEB CLIENT DEVELOPER

The Web Client Developer
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-client-developer-certificate/]
certificate provides the necessary skills and knowledge for client-side Website
development.

Learn to develop Websites using Hypertext Markup Language version 5 (HTML5),
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), and JavaScript. You will write code manually, as
well as use graphical user interface (GUI) authoring tools, and program
client-side, platform-independent solutions. 


WEB PROGRAMMER

The Web Programmer certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-programmer-certificate/]
requires 32 credits.


WINDOWS NETWORK ADMINISTRATION

The Windows Network Administration
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/windows-network-administration-certificate/]
certificate for Information Technology (IT) professionals with the knowledge to
design and implement a Microsoft network using Active Directory (AD). 


COD STORIES

Erna Gevondyan [/about/stories/students/images/erna_gevondyan.jpg]

"I’m really grateful for the fact that COD’s flexibility with the offered
classes and the overall structure helped me realize my true academic passion.” -
Erna Gevondyan

Erna's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gevondyan.aspx]


COD STORIES

Chris Antoon [/about/stories/students/images/kyrillos_antoon.jpg]

"Don’t assume things—if you are not sure about something, ask, whether it is for
advice on financial aid, classes you might pick and even the smallest thing like
when to apply to other universities or programs.” - Chris Antoon

Chris' COD Story [/about/stories/students/antoon.aspx]


COD STORIES

Lashawna Harris [/about/stories/students/images/lashawna_harris.jpg]

“The best thing about the internship was doing the hands-on work. It was great
to take the knowledge I had gained at COD and apply it in a professional
setting, which prepared me for my future education and career." - Lashawna
Harris

Lashawna's COD Story [/about/stories/students/harris.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kyle Newman [/about/stories/students/images/kyle_newman.jpg]

“I played around with computers a lot growing up, but I never really thought of
it as a career. I guess you could say I had an ‘ah-ha’ moment where I realized I
could have a career with something I'm passionate about." - Kyle Newman

Kyle's COD Story [/about/stories/students/newman.aspx]


COD STORIES

Hajara-Yasmin Isa portrait
[/about/stories/students/images/hajara_yasmin_isa.jpg]

“Whether you are interested in professional, educational or personal
development, COD is ready to help you succeed as long as you are willing to put
in hard work." - Hajara-Yasmin Isa

Hajara's COD Story [/about/stories/students/isa.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Computer and Information Science is to
apply for admission [https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Application and Technical Support Specialist, Associate in Applied Science 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/application-technical-support-specialist-aas/]
 * Business Productivity Software, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/business-productivity-software-certificate/]
 * C++ Language Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/c-language-proficiency-certificate/]
 * Data Analytics, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/data-analytics-certificate/]
 * Database Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/database-proficiency-certificate/]
 * Enterprise Database Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/enterprise-database-proficiency-certificate/]
 * Game Animation and Design, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-animation-design-aas/]
 * Game Design and Development, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-design-development-aas/]
 * Game Design and Development, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-design-development-certificate/]
 * Game Programming and Development, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-programming-development-aas/]
 * Game Programming and Development, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/game-programming-development-certificate/]
 * Internet of Things (IoT) Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/internet-of-things-proficiency-certificate/]
 * iPhone/iPad Developer Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/iphone-ipad-developer-proficiency-certificate/]
 * JAVA Language Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/java-language-proficiency-certificate/]
 * LINUX, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/linux-certificate/]
 * Python Language Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/python-language-proficiency-certificate/]
 * Software Development, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/software-development-aas/]
 * Spreadsheet Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/spreadsheet-proficiency-certificate/]
 * UNIX Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/unix-proficiency-certificate/]
 * Visual BASIC Language Proficiency, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/visual-basic-language-proficiency-certificate/]
 * Web Client Developer, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-client-developer-certificate/]
 * Web Development, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-development-aas/]
 * Web Programmer, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/web-programmer-certificate/]
 * Windows Network Administration, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/computer-information-science/windows-network-administration-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Computer and Information Science Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate knowledge in the discipline of computer science.
 * Demonstrate competency in software usage and Internet technologies.
 * Explore emerging information technologies
 * Demonstrate proficiency in problem-solving techniques
 * Perform data analysis using technology.
 * Comprehend software development best practices.
 * Recognize importance of data privacy and information security.
 * Practice ethical use of technology.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several computer and information science transfer
agreements [/academics/transfer/programs/computer-information-science.aspx] in
place with four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make
the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


EXPLORE THE VISUALIZATION AND SIMULATION LAB

outside of the Seaton Computing Center on a sunny day
[/_resources/img/video/ssc-outside.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/_LZtRjrU0yo?rel=0

Located in the Seaton Computing Center, the Visualization and Simulation Lab is
where students collaborate and develop their own video games to be played on PC
and the latest video gaming consoles.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Computer and
Information Science program.

How do I know if CIS is right for me?

Computer and Information Science is for you if you are interested in: 

 * Programming, web development or game programming or design
 * Excel, Access, SQL, Oracle or Linux/Unix
 * Becoming more computer literate

Computer and Information Technology (CIT)
[/academics/programs/cit/index.aspx] is for you if you are
interested in building and repairing computers and networks, Cisco or CompTIA
certifications, computer forensics or network security.

Graphic Design [/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.aspx] is for you if you
are interested in Graphic Design, Illustrator and Photoshop.

Office Technology Information (OFTI) [/academics/programs/ofti/index.aspx] is
for you if you'd like to learn computers skills to become an administrative
assistant, office manager, work in a medical office or be an event planner. 

If you still aren’t sure which program would be best for you, ask a contact a
CIS faculty member [/academics/programs/cis/contact.aspx].

What computer courses would I take?

You can refer to the table on the Getting Started
[/academics/programs/cis/getting-started.aspx] page to help you determine which
CIS course to take. If you still aren’t sure, ask a CIS faculty member.

I don't have a computer at home. Can I still take a computer course?

You do not need to have your own computer to take a computer course. Computer
labs are available at the Glen Ellyn campus. The main computer lab is the
Academic Computing Lab on the third floor of the Student Resource Center.

Can I take any proficiency courses?
The Testing Office [/academics/testing/index.aspx] offers the opportunity to
gain credit for CIS classes by taking a proficiency exam. Currently there are
proficiency tests available for these classes:
 *  CIS 1120 (The Internet)
 *  CIS 1130 (Windows Basics)
 *  CIS 1150 (Introduction to CIS)
 *  CIS 1160 (Windows Command Line)
 *  CIS 1221 (Intro to Spreadsheets)
 *  CIS 1230 (Microcomputer Database Application)
 *  CIS 1400 (Programming Logic and Technique)

 For a list of topics covered on the tests, contact Testing.
[/academics/testing/index.aspx]

 
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the CIS Program [/academics/programs/cis/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/cis/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/cis/index.pcf]