https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/jannusch.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: ROB JANNUSCH

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Rob Jannusch
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Rob Jannusch [/about/stories/students/images/rob-jannusch.jpg]


Major: Transfer

During the fall semester of his senior year at Glenbard North High School, Rob
Jannusch decided to apply to his dream college, Duke University. 

He visited his guidance counselor and explained that his friends were applying
to Northwestern, the University of Chicago and the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign and that he wanted to go to Duke.



More COD Success Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

“She chuckled, as we had not spoken at all since my freshman year, and turned
around to check my transcripts on her computer,” she said. “Upon looking at my
grades, she wheeled around and asked, ‘Where have you been?’ I replied that I
had been at school every day and was trying to win a state championship with our
soccer team. Upon telling me that I had already missed Duke’s application
deadline, she suggested I apply to Wheaton College and University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign, two other notable schools I was also interested in.”



When Jannusch approached his mom for the $25 application fee for UIUC, she
initially refused because of the high cost of tuition. Eventually his parents
consented, and Jannusch was accepted at both UIUC and Wheaton College.

However, he was worried that he would not transfer to Duke after settling into
campus life at a different four-year school. Then he attended a summer
information session about College of DuPage’s Honors Scholar program led by
Alice Snelgrove.

“During the session, she laid out all the benefits of the program and
highlighted the accomplishments and transfer acceptances of prior graduates. In
addition to sending students to Wheaton and UIUC, she mentioned University of
Chicago, Northwestern, Georgetown and Cornell as recent destinations for Honors
Scholar program graduates,” he said. “She also showcased a number of honors that
members had recently won, and I immediately began jotting down a checklist on
the back of the carbon-form Honors application. In addition to Honors Scholar
program graduate, the Carter D. Carroll Excellence in History Award, USA Today
Academic All-American team and COD outstanding graduate, I added ‘Transfer to
Duke University’ as the last bullet point on my list. I had no idea that just
three years later, I would be so fortunate to check off every item on the list,
and I included this carbon form in my application to Duke with the lone
remaining item unchecked.”

COD provided me with a path to a highly selective university like Duke because
of the Honors Scholar program and the extraordinary professors who poured out
their knowledge into their students.

Rob Jannusch

Jannusch visited Duke several times while at COD, and it more than lived up to
his expectations.

“I first became interested in Duke because of their men’s basketball team led my
Coach Mike Krzyzewski and star players Christian Laettner, Bobby Hurley and
Grant Hill, who won back-to-back NCAA titles in 1991 and 1992,” he said. “Over
time, I learned about Duke’s reputation as one of the top 10 colleges in
America. Everything about it seemed to fit, from its beautiful Gothic campus and
location in North Carolina to its school colors being my favorite shade of blue
to its highly-ranked Division I athletic teams to its prestigious undergraduate
liberal arts programs.”

After earning three degrees at COD—an Associate in Arts, Associate in Science
and Associate in General Studies—Jannusch checked off the last bullet point on
his list and transferred to Duke, where he completed a double-major in economics
and philosophy with a history minor and a certificate in markets and management
studies. His graduation coincided with the dot-com bubble bursting in the early
2000s, which meant many investment banks and consulting firms were deferring new
hires or withdrawing offers to new graduates.

Jannusch instead found work with a middle-market law firm in Chicago in its
corporate practice group. He then transitioned to Winston & Strawn as a
corporate paralegal, but after the 2009 financial crisis, he returned to school
at UIUC and completed a master’s degree in finance. He is now a senior corporate
paralegal with the Private Equity/M&A group at Kirkland & Ellis, one of
Chicago’s largest law firms. 

As for COD, he is grateful for all that it provided and started a scholarship
that will help others, something he always remembered from his time as a
student.



Scholarships at COD [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]

“After achieving a 4.0 GPA during my first year on campus, I applied for and
received the COD Achiever’s Scholarship from the COD Foundation, which provided
full tuition as well as books,” he said. “It’s exciting to see there are now
hundreds of scholarships available, with some of them being named after
professors I had when I attended COD. It’s also a great source of pride for me
that my family, friends and I were able to endow the Shirley M. Jannusch
Memorial Scholarship in honor of my late mother, who passed away unexpectedly in
2022.”



In 2023, Jannusch was honored as one of the College’s Distinguished Alumni. He
strongly encourages prospective students to take advantage of the affordable
tuition, wide array of classes and opportunities like the Honors program.

“Take as many courses in as many different subject areas as you can, as this
exposure will not only help you to discern where your primary career interests
lie, but it will also potentially unlock talents you didn’t know you had,” he
said. “COD provided me with a path to a highly selective university like Duke
because of the Honors Scholar program and the extraordinary professors who
poured out their knowledge into their students. In several ways, my dream of
attending Duke became their own, and their extraordinary belief in me led me to
push myself beyond what I previously thought I was capable of during my high
school years.” 

Learn more about transfer opportunities at College of DuPage
[/academics/transfer/index.aspx]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/jannusch.pcf]