https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/student-blackboard-resources.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Female student on a computer in a computer lab
[/_resources/img/hero/adult-computer.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Information Technology Services
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/]Student
Blackboard Resources


STUDENT BLACKBOARD RESOURCES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Information Technology Services and Computer Lab Hours
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/hours.aspx]
 * Information Technology Services Security
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/index.aspx]
   * Intelligent Message Filtering
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
   * Phishing
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]
   * Safeguarding Standards
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]
 * Multifactor Authentication for Office 365
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/office-365.aspx]
 * Student Blackboard Resources
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/student-blackboard-resources.aspx]
 * Student Email Tips
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Benefits of Microsoft Office 365
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/benefits.aspx]
   * Student Email Policy
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email-policy.aspx]
   * Guide to Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email_guide.aspx]

College of DuPage uses Blackboard to help you manage your courses. You can
access your assignments, tests, course discussions and course syllabus in
Blackboard.

The following resources can help you get comfortable with the online learning
management tool. The videos are examples; your course will appear similar to the
videos, but may not look exactly the same. 

You can also use the Student Quick Start Guide
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/pdf/studentquickstartguide.pdf]
to learn more about setting up and using Blackboard.


NAVIGATING YOUR COURSES


Assignments

Submitting assignments through Blackboard is very common in online courses. This
video will provide you with the information you need to use the Assignments tool
correctly so that you can easily submit papers and other coursework.

For more information on assignments, see the following Blackboard Help articles:

 * Assignments Table of Contents
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Assignments]
 * Submit an Assignment
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Assignments/Submit_Assignments]
 * Submit an Assignment Using JAWS
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Accessibility/Submit_Assignments_With_JAWS]
 * Save an Assignment as a Draft
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Assignments/Submit_Assignments]
 * Resubmit an Assignment
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Assignments/Submit_Assignments]

Tests and Quizzes

For more information on taking exams in Blackboard, see the following Blackboard
Help articles:

 * Tips for Test Taking 
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Tests_and_Surveys]
 * Take a Test or Survey Page
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Tests_and_Surveys]
 * Test Presentation Options
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Tests_and_Surveys]
 * Retake a Test or Survey
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Tests_and_Surveys]
 * Test Grades and Feedback
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Tests_and_Surveys]

Discussion Boards

The Discussion Board is an important part of many online courses, since it is
often the main way that you will connect with your classmates and discuss what
you are learning.

This video will help you learn how the discussion boards in Blackboard work, so
you can get started posting information in your course.

You can also come back and watch this video in the future.

For more information, see the following articles on Blackboard Help:

 * How to Open the Discussion Board
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Interact/Discussions]
 * Discussion FAQs
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Interact/Discussions/Discussion_FAQs]
 * Participate in Discussions with JAWS
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Accessibility]

Viewing Your Grades

As you complete and submit assignments, exams, and other gradable work, your
instructor will issue grades to you. You will also be able to check the
submissions that you have made throughout this orientation.

This video will show you how to access your grades in Blackboard.

More information on Blackboard Grades:

 * Grades [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Grades]
 * View Your Grades with JAWS
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Accessibility]

Blackboard Ally

Blackboard is equipped with Ally, a tool which can help you to engage with your
course content in the best format for you. Download your course files in formats
that match your device and needs.

 * Download an Alternative Format
   [https://bb.cod.edu/webapps/login/?new_loc=%2Fwebapps%2Fblackboard%2Fcontent%2FlistContentEditable.jsp%3Fcontent_id%3D_7810275_1%26course_id%3D_246419_1%26mode%3Dreset]
 * Which Alternative Format is Right For You?
   [https://help.blackboard.com/Ally/Ally_for_LMS/Student/Alternative_Formats]  
 * Blackboard Ally Help [https://help.blackboard.com/Ally/Ally_for_LMS/Student]

Blackboard Application

The Blackboard app is designed especially for students to view content and
participate in courses. The current version of the app is available on iOS and
Android mobile devices.

Notification Alerts

Notification Settings 
[https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Student/Original/Stay_in_the_Loop/Notifications]shows
you how to set your notification options. Blackboard Learn notifies you when:

 * Announcements and assignments are available.
 * Assignments are due or past due.
 * Content or a course is available.
 * When a course message is received.
 * When an items, surveys and tests are available, due, past due or graded.
 * You have unread blogs, journals and discussions. 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/information_technology/student-blackboard-resources.pcf]