https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/learning-resources/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student in the library [/_resources/img/hero/libraryinfo-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Divisions [https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/]Learning Resources Division


LEARNING RESOURCES DIVISION

The Learning Resources Division encompasses a number of academic support
departments, including the Library, the Learning Commons, the Online College,
and the Testing Center. Staff are here to assist with any type of course taken
at College of DuPage. The division is staffed by a dedicated group of
individuals that have been trained to provide the support students need.
Individual departments and services include the following: 


LIBRARY

The Library serves on- and off-campus programs, providing teaching and learning
materials to support and enrich students’ educational experience. The
100,000-square-foot facility in the Student Resource Center on the Glen Ellyn
campus provides comfortable seating, individual study space, group study rooms,
public computers and AV equipment for use by students. The Library houses a wide
variety of informational resources for students, faculty, staff and community
members. These materials include more than 225,000 books, 470 periodicals and
many non-print materials such as ebooks, DVDs, music CDs and audiobooks.

The Library’s website [https://library.cod.edu/] is the gateway to a wide
variety of library services and research resources. An online catalog provides
easy look-up of library materials. Also available are many specialized research
databases with factual information and references to journal, magazine and
newspaper articles, many of them full text. These tools may be accessed remotely
by registered Library users. Every public computer in the Library also has full
Internet access and a variety of applications such as word processing,
spreadsheet and presentation software.

Library services include the circulation of print and non-print materials,
reference service, library and information literacy instruction, interlibrary
loan and access to computers. Specialized collections include the College and
Career Information Center (CCIC) and the Philanthropy Collection. The
Circulation Desk provides borrowers’ services, and checks out audiovisual
equipment to students, faculty and staff. Classroom delivery of equipment is
provided upon the request of the instructor. 


INFORMATION LITERACY INSTRUCTION PROGRAM

The mission of the Library’s Information Literacy Instruction Program is to
teach students to be effective users and producers of ideas and information. The
program provides students with varied opportunities for acquiring the needed
knowledge and skills to become information literate. The program is administered
through class sessions with library faculty, free workshops and the Library’s
Research 101 online tutorial [https://library.cod.edu/fundamentals]. 


LEARNING COMMONS

The Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx] offers all COD
students a broad range of options: course-based tutoring; and math, writing,
reading and speech assistance for all COD courses. The Learning Commons also
provides workshops and resources to aid in preparing for COD placement tests.
Services are free of charge. The off-campus Learning Commons in the Addison,
Carol Stream, Naperville and Westmont Centers provide testing services, library
cards, quite study areas and a student computer lab. 


TESTING CENTER

The Testing Center [/academics/testing/index.aspx] provides both academic and
specialized testing to COD students and community members. Academic Testing
administers the placement tests, proctors tests for online courses and classroom
make-up exams, offers Health Science program entrance exams, TABE and the GED
Constitution as well as administering a variety of group tests for high-school
students.

The Specialized Testing department offers the GED Tests, proctoring services,
and high-stakes certification exams. Many testing services are also offered at
COD centers and off-campus Learning Commons.


GED TESTING

College of DuPage is the official site for administration of the General
Educational Development (GED) tests
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/ged.aspx] for DuPage County residents.
Registration to take the GED tests is done online at ged.com
[http://www.ged.com]. Although registration is done online, the tests will
actually be administered on a computer at the College of DuPage in Glen Ellyn,
Naperville, Westmont or Carol Stream.




CAMPUS LOCATIONS

 * Continuing Education  [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
 * Student Resource Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/src.aspx]
 * Testing Center [/academics/testing/index.aspx]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Learning Resources Division
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 3120
(630) 942-2659

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/divisions/learning-resources/index.pcf]