https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/hydrology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

hydrology professor teaching a class
[/_resources/img/hero/hydrology-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Earth Science Program
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/earth_science/]Hydrology


HYDROLOGY

Hydrology is the study of water on Earth. This discipline of the Earth Sciences
focuses on the hydrologic cycle, watersheds, stream flow, flooding, and
groundwater. Students of hydrology investigate the impacts of population growth,
urbanization, weather, and climate upon these dynamic hydrologic processes and
upon water resource sustainability.

The COD Earth Sciences Program is cutting edge in providing a fundamental
hydrology course that meets the general education needs for non-science and
science majors. Students enrolled in the Hydrosciences courses (Hydrology and
Oceanography), have the opportunity to work in a lab equipped with stream
tables, bench-scale aquifer models, and a functioning beach wave tank –
facilities unmatched in community colleges.

“The prosperity of the greater Chicago region and its status as a global center
depend on water availability. Historically blessed with ample fresh water, the
region can no longer assume that water supplies are infinite. While other parts
of the country struggle to meet growing water demand and some cities are losing
their economic competitiveness due to shortage or inadequate planning, the
Chicago region must act now to carefully plan and manage its surface and
groundwater resources in a coordinated fashion. Nothing less than economic
development, environmental protection, and social equity are at stake. And it is
for these reasons that the region’s first water supply plan is timely and
important.”

Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning, Northeastern Illinois Regional Water
Supply Supply/Demand Plan Looking Out to 2050 


PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS

Please consult a faculty member listed below before beginning your coursework.


DEGREE

 * Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/associate-degree-programs/associate-science-degree/]
 * Student Planning Worksheet
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/student_planning/student_planning_aa_as_current.pdf]:
   Use When planning your coursework. 
 * Course Descriptions
   
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/earth/]


EARTH 1135 WATER SCIENCE - FUNDAMENTALS OF HYDROLOGY

Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago
[/academics/programs/earth_science/hydrology/images/water_reclamation_district.jpg]

Field trip to Mainstream Pumping Station, MWRDGC Deep Tunnel, Spring 2011

Sign up for Earth Science 1135 to fulfill your General Education Physical
Science lab course requirement. This course is relevant if you use water or
would defend our water resources.

An introduction to the water cycle, the dynamic processes of surface water, and
ground water. Students investigate and analyze the impacts of population growth,
urbanization, weather, and climate upon hydrological processes and water
resource sustainability. One field trip is required. For any student concerned
about water resources and those with intended majors in geology, hydrology,
meteorology, environmental sciences/engineering, or resource management.

Math 0481 with a grade of C or better, or a qualifying score on the Math
Placement Exam * 

*Concerned that your math skills won’t measure up or that this course is too
math demanding? Contact Diana Strode to learn more about the course objectives
and expectations. Don’t miss a great lab and field experience because you
misunderstand the prerequisite!


CAREER INFORMATION

Meet with Diana Strode, Assistant Professor of Earth Sciences to explore the
opportunities and to plan your course of study.


BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS OCCUPATIONAL OUTLOOK HANDBOOK

 * Hydrologist Handbook
   [http://www.bls.gov/ooh/life-physical-and-social-science/hydrologists.htm]


O-NET ONLINE, AMERICAN JOB CENTER NETWORK

 * Hydrologist Summary [http://www.onetonline.org/link/summary/19-2043.00]
 * Water Resource Specialist [http://www.onetonline.org/link/summary/11-9121.02]



HYDROLOGY WEBSITES

 * Illinois State Water Survey [https://www.isws.illinois.edu/]
 * United States Geological Survey - Illinois Water Science Center
   [http://il.water.usgs.gov/]
 * National Weather Service River Forecast
   [http://water.weather.gov/ahps/forecasts.php] 
 * Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning - Water Resources Planning
   [http://www.cmap.illinois.gov/water]



PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS

 * Illinois Association for Floodplain and Stormwater Management
   [http://www.illinoisfloods.org/]
 * American Institute of Hydrology [http://www.aihydrology.org/]
 * University Council on Water Resources [http://www.ucowr.org/]
 * American Geophysical Union Hydrology Section [http://hydrology.agu.org/]
 * Geological Society of America Hydrogeology Division
   [https://community.geosociety.org/hydrodivision/home]
 * American Water Resources Association [http://www.awra.org/]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Division
[/academics/divisions/math-natural-sciences/index.aspx]
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2E06, (630) 942-3210

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/earth_science/hydrology/index.pcf]