https://www.cod.edu/news/2023/june/ebrabuah-pacesetter-award.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


COD ALUMNA EBRA BUAH RECEIVES THE ICCTA PACESETTER AWARD

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]College of DuPage Newsroom
[https://www.cod.edu/news/]Criminal and Justice Studies


BY: BRIAN KLEEMANN

Ebra Buah at City Hall in Rockford, Ill.
[/news/images/2023/ebra-buah-article.jpg]

Share:

College of DuPage alumna Ebra Buah is the recipient of the Illinois Community
College Trustees Association’s 2023 Pacesetter Award.

The annual honor recognizes the accomplishments of a recent community college
graduate who has overcome life’s obstacles, focused on humanitarian service and
continued supporting education and community colleges.

Buah, who earned an Associate in Arts degree from COD with a focus on justice
studies, works in the mayor’s office for the City of Rockford as the R3 Project
manager. Having survived homelessness, domestic violence and teen parenthood,
she accepts the Pacesetter Award on behalf of the many people who believed in
and supported her.

“When asked about my feelings regarding the Pacesetter Award, I find it
difficult to express a personal sentiment toward the award itself,” she said.
“Throughout my life’s journey, I have been fortunate to encounter individuals
who have consistently offered their support, encouragement and guidance. Their
unwavering presence has played an instrumental role in shaping my path. It is
their perspective that holds paramount importance to me, prompting me to
redirect the question: ‘How do you, my community, feel about our collective
triumph in winning the Pacesetter Award?’

“This remarkable recognition serves as a testament to our shared dedication to
serving disadvantaged populations. Wherever my career may lead me, I am humbled
and honored to represent my community, and may I continue at a steadfast pace.”

Buah’s interest in criminal justice came from her own life experiences. These
include living in a housing project surrounded by drugs and violence, her
father’s incarceration, and becoming a guardian to her siblings after her
mother’s death.

COD offers an encouraging community that acknowledges diverse experiences and
values equity building.

Ebra Buah

“I was born into a community where it was not uncommon to be a justice-impacted
person,” she said. “There was a constant stronghold in my community, and I
wanted to further understand this system that had debilitated so many around
me.”

Buah focused on her education and became the first woman in her family to
graduate from high school. She enrolled at a four-year university but left when
she did not feel supported on her academic journey. After becoming a mother, she
faced several challenges before deciding to return to college.

Criminal and Justice Studies Program at COD
[/academics/programs/justice-studies/index.aspx]



“I found stability at Jubilee Village, a transitional housing program for
mothers who may be at risk of homelessness,” she said. “With help and guidance,
I was able to apply to College of DuPage and further my education. COD offers an
encouraging community that acknowledges diverse experiences and values equity
building.”

After completing her studies at COD, Buah transferred to Western Illinois
University (WIU) and earned a bachelor’s degree in political science with a
minor in law enforcement and justice administration. While at WIU, she worked as
a fair housing tester for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
and was a policy intern with Illinois Lt. Governor Juliana Stratton’s Justice,
Equity and Opportunity initiative. She also earned the Political Science
Department’s top honor.

This fall, Buah will begin law school at Mitchell Hamline School of Law while
continuing her work in Rockford. In her current position, she is responsible for
administering the Restore, Reinvest, Renew (R3) Program, created through a State
of Illinois grant for communities that have been harmed by violence,
discrimination and economic disinvestment. 

Armed with the knowledge she already accumulated, Buah helped secure her
father’s release from prison after 22 years. It was an emotional victory and one
that fuels her determination to help others.

“I want to create long-lasting, equitable solutions for marginalized communities
throughout the country, in whatever capacity that I can,” she said.

Buah believes it is never too late to start college and thanks COD for providing
the support she needed to succeed.

“The Criminal and Justice Studies program can open the door for many
opportunities that you may have never considered in the field, so keep an open
and healthy mind for your future endeavors,” she said.

Pictured below: College of DuPage President Dr. Brian Caputo and Board of
Trustees members Florence Appel, Heidi Holan and Maureen Dunne (in the third
photo) congratulate Ebra Buah upon receiving the Pacesetter Award during the
ICCTA awards dinner. 

Ebra Buah and COD Leadership
[/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/newsroom/ebrabuah-award-leadership.jpg]
Ebra Buah and President Caputo
[/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/newsroom/ebra-buah-caputo.jpg]
Ebra Buah and Maureen Dunne
[/_resources/img/component-side-by-side/newsroom/ebrabuah-dunne-award.jpg]



Share:


MORE COD ALUMNI NEWS





 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019-clone&action=de&path=/news/2023/june/ebrabuah-pacesetter-award.pcf]