https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/geography/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students taking notes in a classroom
[/_resources/img/hero/geography-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Geography


GEOGRAPHY PROGRAM

The study of geography uncovers the art and science of location and the concept
of region. With a focus on geography, you will gain knowledge beyond examining a
map and learning about a state capital. You will explore the interactions
between people and places that make our world and interesting and exciting
place.

Students who take geography classes at COD learn that:

 * Geography courses offer relevant insights into anthropology, economics, earth
   science, political science, sociology and other coursework.
 * Many aspects of your world are affected by location and the characteristics
   of places. 

There are five geography courses that were approved by the Illinois Articulation
Initiative (IAI). These courses transfer throughout Illinois more effectively
than unapproved elective courses. All geography courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/geogr/] provide the framework to help you
transfer to a four-year institution. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Gain skills that geographers use to interpret the world including map reading,
air photo interpretation and navigation that can help you become career-ready.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

You want to attend a college that stands out from the rest. At COD, you'll
discover:

 * Skilled faculty [/academics/programs/geography/contact.aspx] who will help
   you develop critical thinking skills, all while bringing geographic facts and
   concepts to life. Many faculty members are award winning and have publishing
   experience.
 * A college that utilizes top-notch facilities, equipment and resources,
   including our Map Lab, located inside the Berg Instructional Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx].
 * Affordable classes that help you achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure you receive personalized attention.

Watch a video
[https://cod.yuja.com/V/Video?v=2631803&node=9541196&a=858284739&autoplay=1] to
learn more about the program.

Degrees


GEOGRAPHY ASSOCIATE IN ARTS

The Geography Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/geography/geography-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]
includes physical geography, cultural geography, technical geography and
regional geography. Our courses are designed for effective transfer to other
educational institutions in Illinois. 

Certificates


GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION SYSTEMS

The Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/geography/geographic-information-systems-certificate/]
provides formal GIS training to students. The classes cover a range of topics
including terminology, data management, map design, geodatabases, spatial
queries, spatial analysis, project development and problem solving. 

Student projects have involved work with Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA), the United States Coast Guard and Northwestern Medicine.

The certificate emphasizes a real-world approach to the GIS sciences with the
purpose of attaining a careers in the GIS field. Students have been successful
in gaining internships and careers after earning the certificate.


COD STORIES

Sydney Hamilton [/about/stories/students/images/sydney_hamilton.jpg]

“COD has such a huge range of classes with subjects I’ve never taken before, so
it was a great way to get outside my comfort zone and explore—plus they ended up
transferring to a career choice that I love." - Sydney Hamilton

Sydney's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hamilton.aspx]


COD STORIES

Steve Wiertz [/about/stories/students/images/steve-wiertz.jpg]

“My passion and experience have been tied closely to mapping involving research,
output, quality assurance and production. With the experience, knowledge and
skills gained through COD’s program, I feel more valuable as an individual,
which will allow me to be more beneficial to my team and company.” - Steve
Wiertz

Steve's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wiertz.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jeff Judycki [/about/stories/students/images/jeff_judycki.jpg]

“I love my new career and have COD to thank for the technical training within
the field of GIS. The program at College of DuPage will empower you with the
technical skills. Your requirement will be applying these skills to solve
problems, and that is how you will define your value." - Jeff Judycki

Jeff's COD Story [/about/stories/students/judycki.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in geography at College of DuPage is to apply
for admission [/admission/index.aspx].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways provides students a roadmap to achieving their
academic and career goals. Follow an academic timeline that outlines which
classes you need to take and when so you can gain knowledge, graduate on time or
move on to the next phase in your career.

 * Geographic Information Systems, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/geography/geographic-information-systems-certificate/]
 * Geography Transfer Pathway, Associate in Arts 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/geography/geography-transfer-pathway-aa/#programmaptext]

Program Learning Outcomes


GEOGRAPHY PROGRAM LEARNING OUTCOMES

Students who complete courses in geography will:

 * Understand the concept of region.
 * Know the location of important physical and cultural features in a particular
   region or set of regions, and understand the importance that relative
   location plays in shaping particular places.
 * Understand the physical and human characteristics that shape the geography of
   particular places.
 * Understand the relationships between humans and their environment.
 * Understand how the movement of people, goods, money, and ideas affects
   particular places.


GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION SYSTEMS PROGRAM LEARNING OUTCOMES

Learning objectives and outcomes will be directly related to basic geographic
and cartographic principles.  Students will be expected to have a working
knowledge of geographic and spatial concepts, to include basic and advanced GIS
terminology, coordinate systems, field and object based views of geographic
space and other spatially based concepts.  

Additionally, students will be required to apply these concepts to “desktop” and
“web based” analytical environments.  These expected outcomes and objectives
will enable the student to interact professionally with members of the GIS
community.  Upon completion of the certificate, students will be able to:

 * Apply and interpret fundamental spatial statistics and visualization
   techniques.
 * Collect and analyze various spatial datasets.
 * Create a reference dataset and an address locator.
 * Build a transportation network and apply analytical solutions.
 * Implement, modify and apply Python scripting.
 * Perform advanced vector and raster analysis.
 * Perform fundamentals of geodatabase design and operation.
 * Perform surface modeling and analysis.
 * Utilize standard modeling techniques.
 * Identify and resolve common workflow problems.
 * Author a mosaic dataset based on remotely sensed datasets.
 * Demonstrate proficiency in geospatial user interfaces and environment
   configurations.
 * Determine and define an appropriate coordinate system.
 * Manipulate data with advanced modeling techniques.
 * Author and publish to a web GIS portal.
 * Implement and apply web content or services to perform analyses.
 * Configure web app templates and widgets.

The technical component of the GIS program will have very specific learning
objectives and outcomes.  Upon completion of the program, the student will have
a firm technical grasp of the GIS concepts listed above.

 The student will fully comprehend all GIS related spatial data types,
understand the acquisition and storage of geospatial data and have the ability
to analyze, manipulate and present this data.  

Additionally, students will have a solid foundation of the latest GIS
technologies in order to bolster the students’ marketability within professional
GIS environments. The student will create a portfolio appropriate for job and/or
college transfer interviews highlighting these learning objectives.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several geography transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/geography.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


WHY CHOOSE GEOGRAPHY?

Chappy statue
[/_resources/img/video/chappy-statue-summer.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/1V9N1zkWBW0?rel=0

A geography degree can prepare you to understand and analyze issues like climate
change, urban expansion and geopolitics.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

The following are answers to frequently asked questions regarding the Geography
program. 

How do I know that geography is right for me?

Geography is a very broad discipline. Students who decide on a career path in
geography should be curious about a variety of topics. An interest in a variety
of cultures is useful. Successful geography students will want to answer three
main questions:

 1. Where? Geographers understand the importance of location.
 2. What? Geographers examine the characteristics of places.
 3. How? Geographers seek to understand how characteristics of a location affect
    what happens at that location. 

If you have an interest in maps and computers, you may be interested in the
Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Certificate. GIS uses computers to create
maps that illustrate reality, address problems and suggest solutions.

What skills do I need in order to succeed as a geographer?
As with other fields of study, successful geography students need to motivated
to learn and focus on their schoolwork despite the distractions from every day
life.
What can you do with a degree in geography?

Few geography jobs have the title "geographer." A geography degree can help you
in business, education and the environment. Many geography majors find positions
in for-profit and non-profit corporations. 



Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
 



 

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Geography Program [/academics/programs/geography/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/geography/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/geography/index.pcf]