https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/horticulture/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

a woman working on tomato plants [/_resources/img/hero/horticulture-plant.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Horticulture Program


HORTICULTURE PROGRAM

The Horticulture program provides fundamental and advanced education and
practice to prepare graduates for successful entry into the workforce. Students
develop knowledge and skills in a range of topics including horticulture and
horticulture business, horticultural mathematics, landscaping and landscaping
design, floral design, plant propagation, plant taxonomy, soils and fertilizers
and sustainable urban agriculture.

Earn Associate in Applied Science degrees
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/] in Horticulture,
Landscape Contracting and Management and Sustainable Urban Agriculture. Ten
specialized certificates [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/]
are designed to address the diverse nature of the horticulture industry and
offer a sound foundation to students who wish to create their own small
businesses. Students can choose from a wide variety of electives to customize
their education and specialize in their areas of interest.

Horticulture program facilities are housed in the Technical Education Center
[/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/tec.aspx] (TEC). This $50-million
facility is approximately 178,000 square feet and provides training across
several disciplines. The TEC includes 31 classrooms, 16 state-of-the-art
laboratories to accommodate 1,400 students, as well as space for raw material
and storage. Outdoor areas of the facility include a landscape lab, a greenhouse
and a sustainable urban agriculture lab.

Horticulture courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hort/] are offered day
and night, in the following formats: in-person, hybrid, online, virtual class
with over 60 course offerings.

Horticulture students must complete an internship
[/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] as part of the requirement
for graduation for a degree and/or certificate. Students who are out of district
should contact Brian Clement at clement@cod.edu. [clement@cod.edu?subject=]

The Horticulture program is accredited by the National Association of Landscape
Professionals and the Equipment and Engine Training Council.

Opportunities for Out-of-District Horticulture Students
Students who reside outside the College of DuPage district but are employed full
time (35+ Hours) within the district may be eligible for Special Residency
Classification after submitting proof of employment. Visit the District 502
Residency page [/registration/district-502-residency.aspx] for more information.
 

Students residing outside of College of DuPage District 502 who wish to complete
an Associate in Applied Science degree or certificate in horticulture not
offered at their local community college can submit a
Joint/Cooperative/Chargeback Application request at their local community
college.

With the chargeback application, out-of-district students can take specialized
courses in horticulture at College of DuPage and pay the in-district tuition
rate at COD.  


JOINT/COOPERATIVE/CHARGEBACK APPLICATION

 * Students should ensure that the COD Admissions Department has received a copy
   of the Joint/Cooperative/Chargeback form from their home community college by
   the time they register at COD to make sure they are billed the in-district
   tuition rate. 
 * Joint/Cooperative/Chargeback Agreement requests must be submitted to the
   student's local community college according to their deadline dates. Students
   need to verify deadline dates with their community college.
 * The Joint/Cooperative/Chargeback agreements are good for one academic year
   and students must reapply each year. 

The in-district tuition rate applies only to coursework for currently approved
programs of study between cooperating colleges and those providing chargeback
agreements. Students who change programs of study outside of these existing
agreements will be billed the out-of-district tuition rate for all coursework.  

Contact your local community college for more information regarding incoming
Joint Agreements/Chargeback requests and approval processes. If you have
questions regarding the process after your request has been approved, contact
Admissions and Outreach at (630) 942-2626.


COLLEGES WITH COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS

 * City Colleges of Chicago
   [https://www.ccc.edu/services/Pages/Request-a-Tuition-Chargeback.aspx]
 * Elgin Community College [https://elgin.edu/academics/joint-agreements/]
 * Harper College
   [https://www.harpercollege.edu/registration/registrar/chargeback.php]
 * Moraine Valley Community College
   [https://www.morainevalley.edu/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/180061-cooperative-chargeback-form-rev-prf2.pdf]
 * Oakton Community College
   [https://www.oakton.edu/admissions/career-joint-agreements.php]
 * Waubonsee Community College 
   [https://www.waubonsee.edu/admissions/costs-and-payments/cooperative-agreements]


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Horticulture offers rewarding careers for individuals who are passionate about
working with nature and enhancing and caring for our environment.

Why CODDegreesCertificatesMission, Vision and ValuesAccreditation
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in horticulture, planning to transfer to
a four-year baccalaureate-granting institution, or updating your skills, College
of DuPage has the right program for you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of practical industry experience,
   certification and licensing.
 * Instruction in top-notch facilities and on cutting-edge equipment.
 * Flexible schedules with day, evening, and online learning.
 * Practical, hands-on experience as well as classroom-based studies.
 * Affordable programs that get you on the fast track to success without
   breaking the bank.
 * Long-standing relationships with local companies and professional
   organizations that can help students get a foot in the door towards
   employment.
 * An articulation agreement [/academics/transfer/programs/horticulture.aspx]
   with Devry University, enabling students to transfer seamlessly to earn a
   bachelor's degree.
 * Various horticulture scholarships
   [/academics/programs/horticulture/scholarships/index.aspx] for students
   planning to enroll in the horticulture program program. 

Degrees


HORTICULTURE

The Horticulture, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/horticulture-aas/] degree
program is designed to meet the needs of students entering the horticulture
industry as well as those presently employed who wish to gain new knowledge and
skills.

Curriculum includes classes in horticulture and horticulture business,
horticultural mathematics, plant propagation, plant taxonomy and soils and
fertilizers. Also available are a broad range of electives that enable students
to customize their education and specialize in their areas of interest.


LANDSCAPE CONTRACTING AND MANAGEMENT

The Landscape Contracting and Management, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/landscape-contracting-management-aas/]
degree develops a student’s ability to design, implement and maintain landscape
projects.

Students build professional skills in plant healthcare, design, estimating,
installation, construction, maintenance and irrigation while earning an
Associate in Applied Science Degree. Landscape contracting graduates are
well-placed to work in the growing field of landscape contracting and
management.

Landscape Contracting and Management is a Nationally Accredited Degree through
the National Association of Landscape Professionals (NALP).

 National Associate of Landscape Professionals
[/academics/programs/horticulture/images/napl_logo.jpg]https://www.landscapeprofessionals.org/ 


SUSTAINABLE URBAN AGRICULTURE

The Sustainable Urban Agriculture, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/sustainable-urban-agriculture-aas/]
degree program offers a hands-on approach to becoming a professional in the
field of urban farming and sustainable urban agriculture.

The goals of the program are to provide students practical hands-on experience
in urban agriculture, and teach students how to critically analyze historical
and current food systems to offer more sustainable solutions. It includes
management and marketing techniques for urban agriculture food production
systems.

Certificates


CANNABIS AND INDUSTRIAL HEMP CULTIVATION AND OPERATIONS

The Cannabis/Industrial Hemp Cultivation and Operations certificate prepares
students for entry-level and mid-level employment opportunities in the cannabis
and hemp industry and to apply state laws and regulations to cultivate cannabis
and industrial hemp.

Students will apply knowledge and skills regarding cannabis and hemp plant
morphology and physiology as well as cultivation center operations to the
cultivation of cannabis and hemp. The certificate will also prepare students to
work at a dispensary.

To be employed at a cannabis cultivation center, employees must be 21 years of
age and meet the Department of Agriculture's requirements to obtain a
Cultivation Center Agent Card.


FLORAL SHOP MANAGEMENT

The Floral Shop Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/floral-shop-management-certificate/]
program prepares students for positions as designers or managers in floral
shops. The curriculum includes classes in floral design, horticulture,
horticulture business, and herbaceous perennials.

Students are required to complete 24 credits of coursework that includes 21
credits in core required classes and three credits in approved program
electives. Students also are required to complete an internship
[/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] to earn the certificate.


GREENHOUSE MANAGEMENT

The Greenhouse Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/greenhouse-management-certificate/]
program provides students with core competencies required to effectively manage
a greenhouse.

Students are required to complete 24 credits of coursework in a selection of
topics including greenhouse crop production, bedding plant production,
greenhouse operations and procedures, horticulture, horticulture business, plant
propagation, and soils and fertilizers. Students are required to complete an
internship [/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] to earn the
certificate.


HORTICULTURE

The Horticulture certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/horticulture-certificate/]
program provides students with fundamental knowledge and skills in horticulture.

Students are required to complete 18 credits of coursework in topics such as
horticulture, horticulture business, plant propagation, plant taxonomy, and
soils and fertilizers. Students are required to complete an internship
[/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] to earn the certificate.


LANDSCAPE DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION

The Landscape Design and Construction certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/landscape-design-construction-certificate/]
program provides students with the knowledge and skills used by landscape design
professionals.

Students are required to complete 41 credits of coursework in topics such as
horticulture, landscape design, landscape graphics, landscape maintenance,
landscape construction, irrigation, and landscape plants, as well as
computer-aided drafting and soils and fertilizers. Students are required to
complete an internship [/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] to
earn the certificate.


LANDSCAPE AND TURF MAINTENANCE

The Landscape and Turf Maintenance certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/landscape-turf-maintenance-certificate/]
program offers a broad range of instruction including horticulture, diseases and
insects of ornamental plants, landscape maintenance, landscape construction,
irrigation, soils and fertilizers, and turf science and management.

Students are required to complete 39 credits of coursework, which includes 30
credits in core required classes and nine credits in approved program electives.
Students are required to complete an internship
[/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] to earn the certificate.


NURSERY AND GARDEN CENTER MANAGEMENT

The Nursery and Garden Center Management certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/nursery-garden-center-management-certificate/]
program provides students with core competencies needed to effectively manage
nurseries and garden centers.

Students are required to complete 35 credits of coursework in topics that
include horticulture, horticulture business, herbaceous perennials, landscape
plants, ornamental grasses, and plant propagation. Students are required to
complete an internship [/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] to
earn the certificate.


POWER EQUIPMENT AND TECHNOLOGY

The Power Equipment and Technology certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/power-equipment-technology-certificate/]
program is designed to provide students with the basic knowledge, required
skills and hands-on experiences to maintain and repair outdoor power equipment
such as lawnmowers, chainsaws, rotary tillers, portable power generators,
compact diesel engines, small garden tractors, outboard motors, motorcycles and
all-terrain vehicles, as well as the use of technical manuals.

This certificate requires 16 credits in program requirements including 2-cycle
small engine repair and maintenance, 4-cycle small engine repair and
maintenance, and compact diesel engines. Industry certifications are available.


SUSTAINABLE LANDSCAPES

The Sustainable Landscapes certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/sustainable-landscape-certificate/]
program provides students with knowledge and skills incorporating principles of
sustainable landscaping.

Students are required to complete seven credits of coursework covering topics
such as green roofs, sustainable landscape design, landscaping or wildlife,
perennial plant communities, and water use and conservation.


SUSTAINABLE URBAN AGRICULTURE

The Sustainable Urban Agriculture certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/sustainable-urban-agriculture-certificate/]
program offers a hands-on approach to becoming a professional in the field of
urban farming and sustainable urban agriculture. Students receive practical,
hands-on experience working in urban agriculture. The program includes
management and marketing techniques for urban agriculture food production
systems.

Students are required to complete 28 credits in program requirements including
sustainable urban vegetable and herb production, urban agriculture issues,
hydroponic/aquaponic production systems, and local foods. Students are also
required to complete an internship
[/academics/programs/horticulture/internship.aspx] to earn the certificate.


URBAN FARMING

The Urban Farming Certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/urban-farming-certificate/]
program offers a hands-on approach in the practice of raising food in urban and
suburban areas. Urban Farming can be many things which can include a schoolyard,
a vegetable garden teaching students' healthy habits, a vacant lot growing food
for neighborhood families, a church garden feeding the hungry or an
entrepreneur's acre supplying restaurants and farmers markets.

Mission, Vision and Values

The mission of the College of DuPage Horticulture Department is to prepare
students to enter the green industry as well as provide additional professional
development opportunities for those already in the industry.


OBJECTIVES

 * Introduce students to occupations within the green industry.
 * Prepare students for successful employment through classroom and practical
   experiences while encouraging them to take pride in their work and establish
   a high standard of professionalism.  
 * Encourage students to be responsible stewards of the environment by
   demonstrating and valuing sustainable practices.
 * Demonstrate the safe use of equipment, chemicals and tools used in the
   industry.
 * Identify and explain benefits of professional organizations in the green
   industry.
 * Maintain strong industry contacts and link classroom knowledge with the
   industry through field trips and guest speakers.


VALUES

 * Integrity – We expect the highest standard of moral character and ethical
   behavior.
 * Honesty – We expect truthfulness and trustworthiness.
 * Respect – We expect courtesy and dignity in all interpersonal interactions.
 * Responsibility – We expect fulfillment of obligations and accountability.

Accreditation

The Horticulture program is accredited by the National Association of Landscape
Professionals and the Equipment and Engine Training Council.


ACCREDITATION REPORTS

 * 2022
   [/academics/programs/horticulture/pdf/horticulture-accreditation-report-2022.pdf]
 * 2021
   [/academics/programs/horticulture/pdf/horticulture_accreditation_report2020.pdf]


ACCREDITED BY

 National Associate of Landscape Professionals
[/academics/programs/horticulture/images/napl_logo.jpg]https://www.landscapeprofessionals.org/

EETC - Accreduted Certification Logo
[/academics/programs/horticulture/images/eetc-logo.jpg] 


HORTICULTURE PROGRAM VIDEO

Horticulture planting
[/_resources/img/video/horticulture-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/M95QlzEliVg?rel=0

The horticulture industry can enhance your creativity through nature, science
and art.


HORTICULTURE APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM

College of DuPage offers an apprenticeship program through Project Hire-Ed.
Apprentices are hired by local employers to work full-time and earn full-time
wages, while also taking coursework at COD.

Apprentices are able to use the knowledge they learn in horticulture courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hort/] and apply them to skills they are
learning on-the-job.



Become an Apprentice [/academics/programs/horticulture/apprenticeship.aspx]



 


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Horticulture is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Cannabis and Industrial Hemp Cultivation and Operations, Certificate
 * Floral Shop Management, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/floral-shop-management-certificate/]
 * Greenhouse Management, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/greenhouse-management-certificate/]
 * Horticulture, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/horticulture-aas/]
 * Horticulture, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/horticulture-certificate/]
 * Landscape and Turf Maintenance, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/landscape-turf-maintenance-certificate/]
 * Landscape Contracting and Management, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/landscape-contracting-management-aas/]
 * Landscape Design and Construction, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/landscape-design-construction-certificate/]
 * Nursery and Garden Center Management, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/nursery-garden-center-management-certificate/]
 * Power Equipment and Technology, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/power-equipment-technology-certificate/]
 * Sustainable Landscapes, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/sustainable-landscape-certificate/]
 * Sustainable Urban Agriculture, Associate in Applied Science 
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/sustainable-urban-agriculture-aas/]
 * Sustainable Urban Agriculture, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/sustainable-urban-agriculture-certificate/]
 * Urban Farming, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/horticulture/urban-farming-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes for Horticulture Degrees


HORTICULTURE

Upon completion of the Associate in Applied Science Horticulture degree,
students will be able to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in
   horticulture careers
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the composition, fertility and biology of
   soil and how they relate to good plant growth
 * Propagate, grow, and maintain plants in horticulture production systems
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of plant identification, selection,
   use and maintenance of plant material best suited for conventional and
   sustainable landscapes
 * Identify and prescribe sustainable options in horticulture which benefit the
   environment while maintaining productivity and economic viability
 * Identify common biotic and abiotic plant pests and disorders and develop
   strategies to manage them in an environmentally safe and sustainable manner
 * Apply horticultural skills and knowledge to operate various business entities
   found in the horticultural industry
 * Apply relevant mathematical principles and calculations inherent in all
   aspects of the Horticultural Industry
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry


LANDSCAPE CONTRACTING AND MANAGEMENT

Upon completion of the A.A.S Landscape Contracting and Management Degree,
students will be able to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in
   landscape careers
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the composition, fertility and biology of
   soil and how they relate to good plant growth
 * Demonstrate fundamental skills in landscape design elements, process and
   techniques.
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of landscape construction and
   maintenance principles and practices
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of hydraulics and irrigation design,
   installation and water management principles and practices
 * Apply horticultural skills and knowledge to operate various business entities
   found in the landscape industry
 * Utilize computer software program applications relevant to the field for
   communication skills, production decisions, business management and bidding
   and estimating
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of plant identification, selection,
   use and maintenance of plant material best suited for conventional and
   sustainable landscapes
 * Demonstrate proficiency at implementing the principles and practices of
   sustainable landscape maintenance, turf management, and integrated pest
   management to care for and maintain landscapes and green spaces
 * Identify common biotic and abiotic plant pests and disorders and develop
   strategies to manage them in an environmentally safe and sustainable manner
 * Apply relevant mathematical principles and calculations inherent in all
   aspects of the Green Industry
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry


SUSTAINABLE URBAN AGRICULTURE

Upon completion of the Associate in Applied Science Sustainable Urban
Agriculture Degree, students will be able to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the Sustainable Urban
   Agriculture industry as well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in
   sustainable urban agriculture careers
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the composition, fertility and biology of
   soil and how they relate to good plant growth
 * Describe basic green roof design, construction and maintenance techniques
 * Apply an understanding of sustainable horticultural aspects to the
   development of landscape design to promote green living environments.
 * Apply an understanding of modern technology and its application to growing
   plants, with emphasis being placed on hydroponic production of commercially
   valuable crops
 * Identify the relationships between soil, water, insects, diseases and weeds
   in agricultural systems
 * Apply agricultural practices that are environmentally sound and productive,
   and provide a positive social impact on individuals and the community
 * Identify the major food producing plant families commonly found in the
   Midwest and niche market opportunities for urban agriculture
 * Integrate diverse perspectives to understand today’s complex food systems and
   understand the role urban agriculture plays in the food system
 * Demonstrates an understanding of the food and environmental movements and
   contribute to various efforts taking place in the urban setting
 * Identify common biotic and abiotic plant pests and disorders and develop
   strategies to manage them in an environmentally safe and sustainable manner
 * Apply relevant mathematical principles and calculations inherent in all
   aspects of the Sustainable Urban Agriculture Industry
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry

Program Learning Outcomes for Horticulture Certificates


CANNABIS AND INDUSTRIAL HEMP CULTIVATION AND OPERATIONS

 * Describe cannabis and hemp laws and regulations for cultivation, seed-to-sale
   tracking, and distribution.
 * Describe security concerns and precautions related to cannabis and industrial
   hemp cultivation and distribution.
 * Apply cultivation and processing techniques safely and sanitarily.
 * Discuss the roles and responsibilities of employees working in the cannabis
   industry.
 * Identify logistical concepts that relate to inventory control, distribution,
   packaging, transfer, and auditing.
 * Review the basic and clinical pharmacology of botanical and synthetic
   marijuana and their active components.
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry.


HORTICULTURE

Upon completion of the Horticulture Certificate, students will be able to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Demonstrate a working knowledge and appreciation of the diversity of plants,
   their culture and utilization
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the composition, fertility and biology of
   soil and how they relate to good plant growth
 * Describe the basic principles of plant taxonomy, anatomy, morphology and
   physiology.
 * Demonstrate an understanding of functional business knowledge in the
   horticultural industry
 * Propagate, grow, and maintain plants in horticulture production systems
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry


SUSTAINABLE LANDSCAPE

Upon completion of the Sustainable Landscapes Certificate, students will be able
to:

 * Describe residential and commercial water management as it relates to an
   understanding of the intersection of the Plant-Soil-Water continuum
 * Identify and recall components of an environmentally and ecologically sound
   landscape system
 * Describe basic green roof design, construction and maintenance techniques
 * Identify and choose plant materials for designs that will have a desired
   impact on naturalized landscapes
 * Apply an understanding of the effective use of practical and applied design
   strategies to determine meaningful solutions to landscape design problems
   pertinent to naturalized environments
 * Formulate creative new strategies that will effectively develop and manage
   sustainable landscapes
 * Successfully complete a one credit hour internship in the industry


FLORAL SHOP MANAGEMENT

Upon completion of the Floral Shop Management Certificate, students will be able
to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Demonstrate a working knowledge and appreciation of the diversity of plants,
   their culture and utilization
 * Create an arrangement illustrating the elements and principles of color
   theory and floral design
 * Distinguish floral industry standards for application to commercial venues
 * Identify and categorize varieties of flowers and foliage by genus and species
 * Illustrate and produce industry standard floral designs used in wedding
   décor, sympathy tributes, window display, permanent botanicals and event
   design
 * Identify business principles and practices of flower shop operation
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry 


LANDSCAPE DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION

Upon completion of the Landscape Design and Construction Certificate, students
will be able to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in 
   landscape design and construction management careers
 * Describe the components and effects of environment and soils on plant growth
   and development.
 * Describe the techniques required for proper selection, installation and
   maintenance of softscape and hardscape materials
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of landscape construction and
   maintenance principles and practices
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of hydraulics and irrigation design,
   installation and water management principles and practices
 * Use a variety of computer applications relevant to landscape design,
   construction, and ornamental horticulture.
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of plant identification, selection,
   use and maintenance of plant material best suited for conventional and
   sustainable landscapes
 * Identify and manage common landscape a pests and disorders in an
   environmentally safe and sustainable manner.
 * Apply relevant mathematical principles and calculations inherent in all
   aspects of the Horticulture Industry

 * Demonstrate fundamental skills in landscape design elements, process and
   techniques.
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry 


GREENHOUSE MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATE

Upon completion of the Greenhouse Management Certificate, students will be able
to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in
   greenhouse management careers
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the composition, fertility and biology of
   soil and how they relate to good plant growth
 * Demonstrate an understanding of functional business knowledge in the
   greenhouse industry
 * Propagate, grow, and maintain plants in horticulture production systems
 * Demonstrate understanding of sustainable production techniques commonly used
   in the greenhouse industry
 * Describe common greenhouse design features and the materials used to build
   them
 * Distinguish the various types of environmental control systems used in closed
   environments
 * Apply fertilizing techniques in a closed environment system
 * Apply horticultural principles to the successful growth and production of
   common greenhouse crops
 * Identify the most important greenhouse pests and diseases and be able to
   apply biological remediation techniques
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry 


LANDSCAPE AND TURF MAINTENANCE

Upon completion of the Landscape and Turf Maintenance Certificate, students will
be able to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in
   landscape and turf maintenance careers
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of landscape construction and
   maintenance principles and practices
 * Describe identification, care, and maintenance procedures of turf and
   ornamental plants used in the landscape
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of hydraulics and irrigation design,
   installation and water management principles and practices
 * Identify plant nutrient deficiencies and describe corrective measures.
 * Identify major plant pests, including weeds, insects, and diseases and
   describe corrective measures.
 * Apply relevant mathematical principles and calculations inherent in all
   aspects of the Green Industry
 * Demonstrate basic troubleshooting and maintenance skills for small gas
   engines.
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of plant identification, selection,
   use and maintenance of plant material best suited for conventional and
   sustainable landscapes
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry 


NURSING AND GARDEN CENTER

Upon completion of the Nursery and Garden Center Certificate, students will be
able to:

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the horticulture industry as
   well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in
   nursery and garden center management careers
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the composition, fertility and biology of
   soil and how they relate to good plant growth
 * Demonstrate an understanding of functional business knowledge in the nursery
   and greenhouse management industry
 * Propagate, grow, and maintain plants in horticulture production systems
 * Demonstrate a fundamental understanding of plant identification, selection,
   use and maintenance of plant material best suited for conventional and
   sustainable landscapes
 * Identify major plant pests, including weeds, insects, and diseases and
   describe corrective measures
 * Apply relevant mathematical principles and calculations inherent in all
   aspects of the Horticulture  Industry
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry 


POWER EQUIPMENT AND TECHNOLOGY

Upon completion of the Power Equipment and Technology Certificate, students will
be able to

 * Demonstrate a foundation in theory, technology, equipment, safety, and
   industry standards
 * Understand the role of a small engine technician and the career opportunities
   in the outdoor power equipment field
 * Describe the basic operation of small engines and their systems and identify
   the parts of a typical 2-cycle, 4-cycle and compact diesel engine
 * Describe how to disassemble, rebuild, and reassemble a typical two-stroke, 
   four-stroke, and compact diesel engine
 * Understand and apply basic principles of testing, diagnosis, troubleshooting
   and servicing of small engines, outdoor power equipment and power generators
 * Identify, test and diagnose charging systems in generators
 * Describe the fundamentals, construction features and principles of operation
   of hydraulic and hydrostatic drive systems and components and maintenance
   procedures
 * Identify the types of drive trains found in outdoor power equipment and
   summarize how to service lawn and riding mowers as well as garden tractors
 * Apply theoretical knowledge and skills, and complete repair and maintenance
   tasks in accordance with the Equipment and Engine Training Council (EETC) and
   the outdoor Power Equipment and Engine Service Association (OPEESA)
 * Successfully complete a two credit hour internship in the industry 


SUSTAINABLE URBAN AGRICULTURE

Upon completion of the Sustainable Urban Agriculture Certificate, students will
be able to

 * Identify and research career opportunities in the sustainable urban
   agriculture industry as well as emerging trends
 * Identify and practice safe use of tools, equipment and supplies used in
   sustainable urban agriculture management careers
 * Demonstrate an understanding of the composition, fertility and biology of
   soil and how they relate to good plant growth
 * Identify the relationships between soil, water, insects, diseases and weeds
   in agricultural systems
 * Apply agricultural practices that are environmentally sound and productive,
   and provide a positive social impact on individuals and the community
 * Identify the major food producing plant families commonly found in the
   Midwest and niche market opportunities for urban agriculture
 * Integrate diverse perspectives to understand today’s complex food systems and
   understand the role urban agriculture plays in the food system
 * Demonstrates an understanding of the food and environmental movements and
   contribute to various efforts taking place in the urban setting
 * Demonstrate an understanding of functional business knowledge in the
   sustainable urban agriculture industry
 * Successfully complete a three credit hour internship in the industry 


URBAN FARMING

 * Apply agricultural practices that are environmentally sound and productive,
   and provide a positive social impact on individuals and the community.
 * Integrate diverse perspectives to understand today's complex food systems to
   understand the role of urban agriculture plays in the food system
 * Identify the major food producing plant families commonly found in the
   Midwest and niche market opportunities for urban agriculture
 * Successfully complete a internship in the industry




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several horticulture transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/horticulture.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


COD STORIES

Zachary Rahn [/about/stories/students/images/zachary_rahn.jpg]

"There’s a program for everyone, and with so many programs and opportunities,
you can really find what you are passionate about. I am very excited to go out
into the world and use my knowledge and experience I gained at College of DuPage
in an industry that I love." - Zachary Rahn

Zachary's COD Story [/about/stories/students/rahn.aspx]


COD STORIES

Carolyn Gange [/about/stories/students/images/carolyn_gange.jpg]

"You're not learning just through textbooks and lectures, but you're in the
field identifying plants and understanding planting combinations or designing
landscapes for existing construction." - Carolyn Gange

Carolyn's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gange.aspx]


COD STORIES

Elaina Blankenhagen [/about/stories/students/images/elaina_blankenhagen.jpg]

"COD is unlike any educational environment I have ever been in. The entire staff
is determined to help you reach your goals." - Elaina Blankenhagen

Elaina's COD Story [/about/stories/students/blankenhagen.aspx]


COD STORIES

Dan Micholson [/about/stories/students/images/dan_micholson.jpg]

"While doing research of colleges in the area, I came across College of DuPage.
My research as well as the reviews of the College’s education showed me that the
Horticulture program at COD was the right choice for me.” - Dan Micholson

Dan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/micholson.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kim Oldis [/about/stories/students/images/kim_oldis.jpg]

"At COD, I received instant gratification because I got to put my skills toward
real-world experience." - Kimberly Oldis

Kimberly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/oldis.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

gear icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/career-and-technical.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_5

Career and Technical



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Horticulture Program [/academics/programs/horticulture/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/horticulture/current-students.aspx]



 

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/horticulture/index.pcf]