https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/chemistry/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student working in a lab [/_resources/img/hero/chemistry-student-inside.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Chemistry Program


CHEMISTRY PROGRAM

The Chemistry program at College of DuPage offers courses for liberal arts and
health science students, engineers and chemistry, biology and physics majors.
The program has several entry-level chemistry courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/chemi/] plus classes in organic chemistry
and introductory biochemistry.

Students interested in continuing their education as a chemistry major can
follow the Chemistry Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/chemistry/chemistry-transfer-pathway-as/]
or Biochemistry Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/biochemistry/biochemistry-transfer-pathway-as/]
and earn an Associate in Science degree. Chemistry majors should possess good
communication, math and computer skills. 

Chemists work in the pharmaceutical, paper, oil, biotechnology and consumer
product industries and concentrate on specific areas of chemistry including
forensic science, genetic engineering, environmental chemistry, chemical
engineering, materials science or chemical education. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Many careers in chemistry require a bachelor's degree while others require a
master's degree or a doctorate.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

Whether you are completing your general education requirements or planning to
transfer and major in chemistry, COD offers:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing state-of-the-art equipment and resources.
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Degrees


BIOCHEMISTRY OR CHEMISTRY TRANSFER PATHWAY

A transfer pathway represents a typical course schedule or sequence for a
student planning to complete the Associate in Arts or an Associate in Science
degree within two years, then transfer and major in a specific discipline.

Students can follow the Biochemistry Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/biochemistry/biochemistry-transfer-pathway-as/]
or Chemistry Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/chemistry/chemistry-transfer-pathway-as/]
and earn an Associate in Science degree.


COD STORIES

David Bettinardi [/about/stories/students/images/david-bettinardi.jpg]

“Solving applied engineering problems is exciting, meaningful and greatly
satisfies my analytical mindset. But in the long term, I thrive on knowing that
I’m a part of something bigger that is actively working to improve the world.” -
David Bettinardi

David's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bettinardi.aspx]


COD STORIES

Samiha Syed [/about/stories/students/images/samiha_syed.jpg]

"My interest in service came from COD. Through my experiences, I have been able
to engage with the DuPage community on a much more personal level, for which I
am grateful. It inspired in me the passion and dedication to become a leader.” -
Samiha Syed

Samiha's COD Story [/about/stories/students/syed.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ellen Briggs [/about/stories/students/images/ellen_briggs.jpg]

"COD provides an amazing stepping stone to great opportunities in academia and
career advancement. I honestly feel that I would not have stuck with this
intensive academic route without the amazing professors I had at COD.” - Ellen
Briggs

Ellen's COD Story [/about/stories/students/briggs.aspx]


COD STORIES

Marko Ivancevic [/about/stories/students/images/marko_ivancevic.jpg]

"College of DuPage was a great choice for me. I learned so much and am extremely
grateful for the chances I was granted. All I have done was made possible
because of COD." - Marko Ivancevic

Marko's COD Story [/about/stories/students/ivancevic.aspx]


COD STORIES

Daniel Fernandez [/about/stories/students/images/daniel_fernandez.jpg]

“While most science teachers typically start their teaching career with a strong
understanding of a single science subject, I started taking multiple courses in
these additional science fields to give me the knowledge I needed to become a
better science teacher and also help me become endorsed by the state to teach
them." - Daniel Fernandez

Daniel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/fernandez_daniel.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in chemistry is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Biochemistry Transfer Pathway, Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/biochemistry/biochemistry-transfer-pathway-as/]
 * Chemistry Transfer Pathway, Associate in Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/chemistry/chemistry-transfer-pathway-as/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in Chemistry will:

 * Recognize, interpret, and critically evaluate scientific information.
 * Collect and analyze qualitative and quantitative data
 * Apply chemical principles and concepts, as appropriate for the class level.

Source: 2018 Chemistry Annual Update submission

If you are considering this program as an area of study, consult with a faculty
member in this field. 




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several chemistry transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/chemistry.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Chemistry Program [/academics/programs/chemistry/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/chemistry/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/chemistry/index.pcf]