https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Engage [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engage_web_masthead.jpeg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Office of the
President [https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/]Engage: College of
DuPage, your community college
[https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/]


ENGAGE VOLUME 4, NUMBER 2

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 3
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no3.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 3, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx]

Engage cover [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engagev4.2.png]

Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/tyks/]


A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT

Helping students be successful requires a creative and comprehensive approach
that includes experiences inside and outside the classroom.

What may surprise people is the scope of opportunities at College of DuPage. In
some cases, these opportunities are not available to students at four-year
institutions until they are juniors and seniors.

In this issue of Engage, explore just a few of the many ways that students can
immerse themselves in both academics and campus life. These include hands-on
labs, field experiences, leadership programs and even academic research, all of
which provide valuable skills that students will use in their careers and lives.

The College also helps students before they enroll and after they leave the
institution. Programs like dual credit give high school students a jump-start on
their college education, while transfer agreements create a smooth path toward a
bachelor’s degree and other educational credentials.

This is all in addition to our passionate faculty and the quality of their
instruction, which have long been a trademark of the College. As you read this
issue, discover the many ways that COD prepares students for success.


BUDGET-IN-BRIEF

The annual budget process at College of DuPage is a comprehensive undertaking
that includes meetings with every department on campus to identify and
prioritize needs. This allows us to determine how to allocate the funding we
receive from local taxes, tuition and the state in order to benefit our students
and the community.

While the College’s budget is hundreds of pages in length, the Budget-in-Brief
presents an easy-to-understand snapshot of our financial plan. I invite you to
review this document and other financial reports at cod.edu/financials
[/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/financial.aspx].

—Dr. Brian W. Caputo, President of College of DuPage.


A NOTE FROM THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES

As we move through the pandemic and look toward the future, community colleges
continue to play a significant role as engines of recovery through workforce
training and education.

The Illinois Community College Trustees Association (ICCTA) is confronting the
critical challenges facing us in order to meet the needs of our communities. In
my current role as Vice President and President-Elect of ICCTA, my goal is to
help the leadership of our institutions find creative ways to ensure student
success and economic stability.

At College of DuPage, this includes creating new programming that addresses
current workforce demands. In recent months, the Board of Trustees has approved
four new certificates, with two of them—Python Language Proficiency and Digital
and Social Media Marketing—already receiving approval from the Illinois
Community College Board.

This issue of Engage focuses on student success. Through our actions, we can
provide students with the framework for successful careers and personal
satisfaction while contributing to a thriving economic landscape.
—Maureen Dunne, Board Chair

 


ENGAGE MAGAZINE VOLUME 4, NUMBER 2



Read Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/tyks/]



 


ON THE COVER VIDEO FEATURING JOSIE SUTER




OTHER VIDEOS

Thomas Jor-El Hardy video

Architecture Program video



SUCCESS STORIES

Juan Gallegos [/about/stories/students/images/juan_gallegos.jpg]

“My advice to anyone who joins the Culinary Arts program at COD is to not be
afraid to ask questions, as the instructors and your peers have great knowledge
to share. COD helped me gain firsthand experience on how restaurants work and
what to expect in real-world situations." - Juan Gallegos

Juan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gallegos.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Jaylyn Grant [/about/stories/students/images/jaylyn_grant.jpg]

“Once I immersed myself, it became very clear to me that I made a great choice
in attending COD.” - Jaylyn Grant

Jaylyn's COD Story [/about/stories/students/jaylyn_grant.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Sharon Grimm [/about/stories/students/images/sharon_grimm.jpg]

“My entire experience at COD helped to shape who I am as a person. I found a
confidence in myself that would carry into earning a bachelor’s degree and
continuing to a rewarding career in research. The opportunities afforded at COD
are unlike any school that I have attended, before or since.” - Sharon Grimm

Sharon's COD Story [/about/stories/students/grimm.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Lashawna Harris [/about/stories/students/images/lashawna_harris.jpg]

“Hard work and dedication pay off. Create an educational plan. Calculate the
cost. Apply for internal and external scholarships and grants. Most importantly,
don’t give up. COD more than met my expectations of what a community college
offers.” - Lashawna Harris

Lashawna's COD Story [/about/stories/students/harris.aspx]


SUCCESS STORIES

Jairo Ortega [/about/stories/students/images/jairo_ortega.jpg]

“The two-year COD Architecture program offers the best value in the Chicagoland
area. No other community college in the region offers as many articulation
agreements and transfer patterns to four-year colleges of architecture.” - Jairo
Ortega

Jairo's COD Story [/about/stories/students/ortega.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


RELATED TO THIS ISSUE OF ENGAGE

Areas of Study

Learn more about the following academic programs at College of DuPage that are
highlighted in this issue of Engage.

 * Architecture Program [/academics/programs/architecture/index.aspx]
 * Biology Program [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx] 
 * Engineering Program [/academics/programs/engineering/index.aspx] 
 * Meteorology Program
   [/academics/programs/earth_science/meteorology/index.aspx] 
 * Photography Program [/academics/programs/photography/index.aspx] 
 * Physics Program [/academics/programs/physics/index.aspx] 

Related Areas of Interest

College of DuPage offers opportunities beyond the classroom that enhance
academics and foster both professional and personal growth.

 * Art Galleries [https://www.theccma.org/]
 * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
 * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
 * Dual Credit Program
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/dual_credit/index.aspx]
 * Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/index.aspx]
 * COD Financial Documents
   [/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/financial.aspx]
 * Honors Program [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/index.aspx]
 * Internships [/student_life/resources/career-services/index.aspx] 
 * Living Leadership Program
   [/student_life/leadership/living_leadership/index.aspx] 
 * Natural Areas
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/natural-areas.aspx] 
 * Student Publications [/student_life/publications/index.aspx] 
 * Transfer Opportunities [/academics/transfer/index.aspx] 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.pcf]