https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/mohammed_anas.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: ANAS NANJO MOHAMMED

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Anas Nanjo
Mohammed
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Student Stories: Anas Mohammed
[/about/stories/students/images/anas_mohammed.jpg]


Major: Computer and Information Technology (CIT)

Although Anas Nanjo Mohammed took programming and networking classes in his
native Ghana, he felt like he hadn’t studied anything after enrolling in the
same curriculum at College of DuPage.

“The gap is so huge. In Ghana, you’re studying it all, while in America, you are
training for one specific field, such as networking,” he said. “I loved the
hands-on learning. You have professors here who have worked in the field and are
now in the classroom showing you how to do it.”

CCI Program
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/index.aspx]

Mohammed came to the U.S. and COD through the U.S. State Department’s Community
College Initiative Program. Administered by Northern Virginia Community College,
the CCI Program provides underserved and underrepresented students from around
the world with full scholarships that cover housing, tuition and a monthly
stipend for one academic year of study in community colleges. COD is part of a
consortium that consists of nine community colleges across the country and is
the only school located in the Midwest.

CCI students not only share their diverse cultures with people in the U.S. but
also learn about American culture, societies and institutions. Part of the
students’ experiences is taking the skills they have learned back to their own
communities, allowing them to pass along their expertise to others.

After completing a certificate in Computer and Internetworking Technologies at
COD, and earning high honors in the process, Mohammed returned to Ghana to
further his studies and share his networking skills with colleagues.

“The IT industry in Ghana is still growing and I want to help grow that
industry,” he said.

While completing his studies at his university, Mohammed was asked to teach
“Introduction to Networks,” filling in for a professor on medical leave. He was
personally recommended because of his expertise in the field. Because he stayed
in touch with CIT Coordinator and Professor Felix Davis at COD, Mohammed was
able to provide his students with access to the College’s remote lab for network
lessons.

The knowledge I learned from COD has really helped me to fit in wherever I go.

Anas Nanjo Mohammed

But he missed College of DuPage. Because technology in the U.S. is so far ahead
of Ghana, Mohammed wasn’t challenged by his work or schooling, and he wanted the
expertise to truly make a difference at home. So he returned to the U.S. and
stayed with the same host family he met through the CCI Program.

“I really missed COD’s professors and resources,” he said. “I set a goal to
finish my degrees, work here to get experience, and then pursue a master’s
degree. When I eventually return home, I will have the knowledge and skills to
really help people.”  

Having completed his Associate in Applied Science degree as well as additional
certificates, Mohammed began working for Dialysis Care Center. He initially was
an IT assistant and then was promoted to systems analyst. He had the privilege
of traveling across six states to help various locations with IT issues that
could not be solved remotely.

“We provided a needed service, especially during COVID,” he said. “The doctors
and nurses were always in the clinics, and when a computer broke down, we were
the people who kept them up and running.”

Mohammed, who is also working on his bachelor’s degree in cyber information
security at ECPI University, accepted a position as an IT systems administrator
at a different company and is enjoying the opportunity to increase his skills.
He returns to COD periodically to speak with students, encouraging them to
finish school, find a job, pay off any debts and then move forward.

In 2023, he enlisted in the Army Reserves and earned two awards upon completing
his basic training—honor graduate and Sapper Spirit Award, the latter voted upon
by his peers as the soldier who distinguished himself from his classmates. After
completing his bachelor’s and attaining the rank of sergeant, he plans to go to
the Army Warrant Officer school on active duty and work for the military as a
cyber operations specialist.

More COD Success Stories [/about/stories/students/index.aspx]



He will always be grateful to the CCI Program and COD for the opportunity to
further his education beyond the borders of his home country.

“The U.S. truly answered my prayers,” Mohammed said. “I’ve learned about
self-responsibility and giving back to society. I feel satisfied when I’m able
to help someone and I want to continue doing so.

“I’m very, very excited about my journey. The knowledge I learned from COD has
really helped me to fit in wherever I go. After my first month at Dialysis Care
Center, my manager took time off because his wife had given birth. Everything
was left to me, so I had to learn fast and I did so because of the solid
background I got from COD.”
 

Learn more about the Computer and Information Technology program at College of
DuPage [/academics/programs/cit/]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/mohammed_anas.pcf]https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/mohammed_anas.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: ANAS NANJO MOHAMMED

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Anas Nanjo
Mohammed
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Student Stories: Anas Mohammed
[/about/stories/students/images/anas_mohammed.jpg]


Major: Computer and Information Technology (CIT)

Although Anas Nanjo Mohammed took programming and networking classes in his
native Ghana, he felt like he hadn’t studied anything after enrolling in the
same curriculum at College of DuPage.

“The gap is so huge. In Ghana, you’re studying it all, while in America, you are
training for one specific field, such as networking,” he said. “I loved the
hands-on learning. You have professors here who have worked in the field and are
now in the classroom showing you how to do it.”

CCI Program
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/index.aspx]

Mohammed came to the U.S. and COD through the U.S. State Department’s Community
College Initiative Program. Administered by Northern Virginia Community College,
the CCI Program provides underserved and underrepresented students from around
the world with full scholarships that cover housing, tuition and a monthly
stipend for one academic year of study in community colleges. COD is part of a
consortium that consists of nine community colleges across the country and is
the only school located in the Midwest.

CCI students not only share their diverse cultures with people in the U.S. but
also learn about American culture, societies and institutions. Part of the
students’ experiences is taking the skills they have learned back to their own
communities, allowing them to pass along their expertise to others.

After completing a certificate in Computer and Internetworking Technologies at
COD, and earning high honors in the process, Mohammed returned to Ghana to
further his studies and share his networking skills with colleagues.

“The IT industry in Ghana is still growing and I want to help grow that
industry,” he said.

While completing his studies at his university, Mohammed was asked to teach
“Introduction to Networks,” filling in for a professor on medical leave. He was
personally recommended because of his expertise in the field. Because he stayed
in touch with CIT Coordinator and Professor Felix Davis at COD, Mohammed was
able to provide his students with access to the College’s remote lab for network
lessons.

The knowledge I learned from COD has really helped me to fit in wherever I go.

Anas Nanjo Mohammed

But he missed College of DuPage. Because technology in the U.S. is so far ahead
of Ghana, Mohammed wasn’t challenged by his work or schooling, and he wanted the
expertise to truly make a difference at home. So he returned to the U.S. and
stayed with the same host family he met through the CCI Program.

“I really missed COD’s professors and resources,” he said. “I set a goal to
finish my degrees, work here to get experience, and then pursue a master’s
degree. When I eventually return home, I will have the knowledge and skills to
really help people.”  

Having completed his Associate in Applied Science degree as well as additional
certificates, Mohammed began working for Dialysis Care Center. He initially was
an IT assistant and then was promoted to systems analyst. He had the privilege
of traveling across six states to help various locations with IT issues that
could not be solved remotely.

“We provided a needed service, especially during COVID,” he said. “The doctors
and nurses were always in the clinics, and when a computer broke down, we were
the people who kept them up and running.”

Mohammed, who is also working on his bachelor’s degree in cyber information
security at ECPI University, accepted a position as an IT systems administrator
at a different company and is enjoying the opportunity to increase his skills.
He returns to COD periodically to speak with students, encouraging them to
finish school, find a job, pay off any debts and then move forward.

In 2023, he enlisted in the Army Reserves and earned two awards upon completing
his basic training—honor graduate and Sapper Spirit Award, the latter voted upon
by his peers as the soldier who distinguished himself from his classmates. After
completing his bachelor’s and attaining the rank of sergeant, he plans to go to
the Army Warrant Officer school on active duty and work for the military as a
cyber operations specialist.

More COD Success Stories [/about/stories/students/index.aspx]



He will always be grateful to the CCI Program and COD for the opportunity to
further his education beyond the borders of his home country.

“The U.S. truly answered my prayers,” Mohammed said. “I’ve learned about
self-responsibility and giving back to society. I feel satisfied when I’m able
to help someone and I want to continue doing so.

“I’m very, very excited about my journey. The knowledge I learned from COD has
really helped me to fit in wherever I go. After my first month at Dialysis Care
Center, my manager took time off because his wife had given birth. Everything
was left to me, so I had to learn fast and I did so because of the solid
background I got from COD.”
 

Learn more about the Computer and Information Technology program at College of
DuPage [/academics/programs/cit/]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/mohammed_anas.pcf]