https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Biology student working in a lab on a microscope
[/_resources/img/hero/biology-student-microscope-lab.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Biology Program


BIOLOGY PROGRAM

Biology encompasses a variety of disciplines including botany, optometry,
pre-occupational therapy, pre-physical therapy, pre-medicine, pre-dentistry,
pre-pharmacy, pre-veterinary sciences, wildlife biology and zoology. There is a
strong integration between biology and other sciences including physics and
chemistry. Depending on your career goals, biology courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/biolo/] can be tailored to fit your
interests. 

Whether you are taking courses to fulfill a requirement or planning to transfer
with a degree in the sciences, COD offers a Biology Transfer Pathway, Associate
in Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/biology/biology-transfer-pathway-as/#text]
degree program. The program allows you to take the first two years of your
biology degree at COD and then transfer to a college or university to complete
your bachelor's degree. 

COD also has several biology transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/biology.aspx] with other colleges and universities
to provide opportunities for students to transfer seamlessly and earn a
bachelor's degree. Contact a Biology program advisor, a faculty member or a
counselor for more information. 


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

The job market for biology students is expected to grow as fast as the overall
job market. Limited career opportunities exist for students who graduate with an
associate's or bachelor's degree. Opportunities increase along with salary
levels with professional and advanced degrees.

Why CODDegrees
Why COD

Attend a college that gives you a strong foundation for the future. At COD,
you'll find:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing state-of-the-art labs, equipment and resources. 
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Degrees


BIOLOGY TRANSFER PATHWAY

A transfer pathway represents a typical course schedule or sequence for a
student planning to complete an Associate in Science degree within two years,
then transfer and major in a specific discipline.

College of DuPage offers both a Biology Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/biology/biology-transfer-pathway-as/#programmaptext]and
Pre-Pharmacy Transfer Pathway
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/pre-pharmacy/pre-pharmacy-transfer-pathway-as/].
Both pathways enable students to transfer seamlessly with an Associate in
Science degree.


BIOLOGY CONCENTRATIONS

There are several options students have to continue their education in biology.
Contact a faculty member [/academics/programs/biology/contact.aspx], counselor
or advisor for more information. 

Biology, Botany or Zoology

Biology is the study of the structure and function of organisms and their
relationships with the biological and physical world. Students must integrate
biological knowledge with other sciences such as physics and chemistry.

Employment opportunities for biological sciences are expected to increase as
fast or faster than the overall job market, especially in the biological
technology fields. Examples of biological technologies include genetics,
biochemistry, microbiology, and cell and molecular biology, which are utilized
by agricultural, pharmaceutical and medical industries. Much faster-than-average
employment growth is anticipated in the health-related professions.

Limited career opportunities exist for those with an associate's or bachelor's
degree. Opportunities increase along with salary levels with professional and
advanced degrees.

The College of DuPage Biology/Botany/Zoology program offers general interest
courses in addition to classes for biological sciences. The study of biology can
be personally enriching and useful in understanding such complex issues as
environmental degradation, energy use, health, food production and genetic
engineering.

Optometry

Students interested in optometry will fulfill many of the required general
education requirements with an additional focus on mathematics, physics,
microbiology and the social sciences. 

Pre-Dentistry, Pre-Medicine or Pre-Veterinary

Students preparing to go into dentistry, medicine or veterinary medicine take
many of the same entry courses. These suggested courses aid students in
preparing for medical fields, but successful completion of these courses does
not ensure entry into professional schools. Students usually must earn a
bachelor's degree in any area of interest before being considered by a
professional school. Final acceptance by a professional school is based on
analysis of previous college work, special entrance examinations and other
criteria.

All pre-professional areas in this program guide require two years of chemistry,
one year of physics, and one to two years of biology/zoology. A student's
mathematics skills should extend through a minimum of Mathematics 1432,
Trigonometry. Students should begin the appropriate course sequences as soon as
practical.

The professional fields of dentistry, medicine and veterinary medicine are well
known for their social, psychological, economic and essential benefits to both
patient and practitioner. Entry into professional schools is very competitive;
successful entrants will have superior character and excellent performance in
courses and admissions tests.

Pre-Occupational Therapy

Students interested in pursuing a degree in Physical Therapy (PT) can prepare by
taking general education coursework at College of DuPage. With careful course
selection, students can earn an Associate in Science degree while fulfilling
many prerequisites for application to a PT degree program. 

Successful completion of these courses will not ensure entry into a program.
Admission to PT programs is competitive and prerequisites and other admission
requirements vary considerably among schools.

Admission is generally based on some combination of transcript evaluation,
admission testing, references, writing samples and interviews. Stated
prerequisites and grade point averages are generally only minimum requirements
for eligibility. A higher GPA may be needed for selection. Most PT programs
require completion of a bachelor's degree and results of graduate school
admissions tests for acceptance.

Pre-Pharmacy

Pharmacy includes professionals who provide a broad spectrum of pharmacy-related
patient care services in community settings such as drug stores, hospitals,
nursing homes and extended care facilities. Other aspects of pharmacy work
include professionals involved in research, industry and education.

Acceptance to a pharmacy program is highly competitive. Students first must
complete a two-year program at College of DuPage before applying for admission
to a college of pharmacy. The pharmacy programs require an additional three
years of study leading to a bachelor's degree in pharmacy or four years
resulting in a Pharm.D. degree. The total period of full-time academic work is
five to six years.

The Pre-Pharmacy program at College of DuPage concentrates on science and
mathematics. Students considering this program should have a demonstrated
aptitude for science and mathematics, because entry into colleges of pharmacy is
competitive. 

Pre-Physical Therapy

Students interested in pursuing a degree in Physical Therapy (PT) can prepare by
taking general education coursework at College of DuPage. With careful course
selection, students can earn an Associate in Science  degree while fulfilling
many prerequisites for application to a PT degree program.

Successful completion of these courses will not ensure entry into a program.
Admission to PT programs is competitive and prerequisites and other admission
requirements vary considerably among schools.

Admission is generally based on some combination of transcript evaluation,
admission testing, references, writing samples and interviews. Stated
prerequisites and grade point averages are generally only minimum requirements
for eligibility. A higher GPA may be needed for selection. Some schools offer a
3+3 curricular program where the student takes three years of specific
pre-physical therapy coursework, followed by three years of a professional PT
program. 

Pre-Physician Assistant

The physician assistant program is a graduate-level program that requires
applicants to have earned a bachelor degree. The shadowing of a physician
assistant will improve your application. Most physician assistant applicants are
nurses, EMT's, medical technologists or other types of healthcare personnel. 

The Pre-Physician Assistant program focuses on biology and the health sciences. 

Wildlife Biology and Ecology

The Wildlife Biology and Ecology program focuses on sciences and math. In
Wildlife Biology, students should also consider taking zoology courses at COD. 


COD STORIES

Mark Tom [/about/stories/students/images/mark_tom.jpg]

"COD has gone far beyond in assisting me to achieve my goal of becoming a
doctor. Hands down, however, the best gift I received from the College is the
confidence to transform my dreams into a reality.” - Mark Tom

Mark's COD Story [/about/stories/students/marktom.aspx]


COD STORIES

Nahiris Bahamon-Fernandez
[/about/stories/students/images/nahiris_bahamon_fernandez.jpg]

"There were many times when I felt like my goals seemed too far away, almost
impossible to achieve. Fortunately, I had people around me who believed in me
and encourage me to keep working toward achieving the goals I set for myself.” -
Nahiris Bahamon-Fernandez

Nahiris' COD Story [/about/stories/students/bahamon-fernandez.aspx]


COD STORIES

Alexis Hohman [/about/stories/students/images/alexis_hohman.jpg]

“Without COD, I don’t think that I would be on the path I am now. The largest
class I took had 40 students in it. All my teachers knew who I was, and this
pushes you to try harder. I also discovered so many different interests and
hobbies that I wouldn’t have taken advantage of at a four-year school.” - Alexis
Hohman

Alexis' COD Story [/about/stories/students/hohman.aspx]


COD STORIES

Basia Reed [/about/stories/students/images/basia_reed.jpg]

"College of DuPage provided a high quality education, and people are there
because they want to be. I was really impressed with COD.” - Basia Reed

Basia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/reed.aspx]


COD STORIES

Anthony Acevedo [/about/stories/students/images/anthony_acevedo.jpg]

“I didn’t want my courses watered down or simplified because I wanted to be
ready to go to a university to tackle upper-level courses. I got that challenge
at COD.” - Anthony Acevedo

Anthony's COD Story [/about/stories/students/acevedo.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in biology is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Biology Program Course Maps [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/biology/]
 * Pre-Pharmacy Program Course Maps
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/pre-pharmacy/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Students who complete courses in the Biological Sciences will:


DEMONSTRATE ABILITY TO READ AND COMPREHEND BIOLOGICAL TEXTS

 * Comprehend key biological terms, concepts, and principles.
 * Attribute ideas to persons and time periods.


DEMONSTRATE SCIENTIFIC REASONING

 * Describe the scientific method and its use in developing the body of
   biological knowledge.
 * Apply the scientific method to design and run an experiment including
   generating hypothesis, data analysis, and making inferences.


DEMONSTRATE CRITICAL THINKING

 * Evaluate merits and claims of biological issues and develop a logically
   structured argument that reflects biological facts and evidence.
 * Critically analyze and debate biological issues.


DEMONSTRATE INFORMATION LITERACY

 * Locate and evaluate information and its sources critically.
 * Use information effectively, ethically, and with appropriate attribution to
   accomplish a specific purpose.


DEMONSTRATE AN UNDERSTANDING OF HOW BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES CONNECT TO SOCIETY

 * Analyze personal lifestyle and global issues from a biological perspective
   and assess the relevance of biology to solving contemporary problems in human
   society.
 * Develop a broad understanding of the place of humans on the planet, and
   evaluate desirable and undesirable practices of humans.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM

Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the Biology Program [/academics/programs/biology/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/biology/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/biology/index.pcf]