https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

people doing sign language [/_resources/img/hero/sign-language.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]American Sign Language
Interpreting


AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE INTERPRETING PROGRAM

The American Sign Language Interpreting (ASLI) program provides rich
opportunities to learn American Sign Language (ASL) from signers and certified
interpreters. Students develop proficiency in ASL and interpreting during the
program which includes formal classroom instruction, small group practice and
practical experiences.

Students take sign language courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/sign/]
on sign comprehension, production, grammar and non-verbal communication
techniques and are introduced to the Deaf community from a
cultural perspective. Courses focus on learning ASL and the culture of the Deaf
and hard-of-hearing community.

ASL is a unique, visual language of the Deaf community and is the
fastest-growing language offered at colleges. Communication is essential for
people to express their language regardless of the modality. 


ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS

The ASLI Associate in Applied Science degree program begins annually in the
spring. It is cohort-based with limited enrollment. Students submitting an
application to the ASLI Program must have completed a minimum of seven ASL or
ASLI courses. View the list of admission requirements
[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/admission-requirements.aspx].


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Interpreters work in a variety of settings including education, offices, courts,
hospitals and conferences.

Why CODDegreesCertificate
Why COD

Whether you are preparing for a career in ASLI, planning to transfer to a
four-year baccalaureate-granting institution or updating your skills, College of
DuPage has the right program for you. We offer:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing our state-of-the-art equipment and top-notch
   facilities.
 * Affordable courses to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining your savings account.
 * Small class sizes to ensure you receive personalized attention.

Degrees


ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The American Sign Language Interpreting, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/american-sign-language-interpreting-program/american-sign-language-interpreter-program-aas/]
degree prepares students for a career working as a sign language interpreter.

The degree is a combination of the ASL Certificate, the ASLI Certificate and
general education coursework. This program is considered a full-time program if
taking 12+ credit hours per semester. Successful completion of this degree will
prepare students to take in the Illinois Deaf and Hard of Hearing Commission
licensure exam, and/or the Boys Town Educational Interpreter Performance
Assessment, which are required to be employed in Illinois. In order to take the
National Interpreting Certificate (NIC) Exam, completion of a Bachelor’s Degree
is required. For more details regarding certification and licensure
examinations, visit RID.org [http://www.RID.org].

This is a selective admissions program
[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/admission-requirements.aspx].
Students must officially apply and be admitted to this program before they can
begin coursework.

Certificate


AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE

The American Sign Language (ASL) Certificate prepares the student with a
foundation of American Sign Language and increased understanding of Deaf
culture. This 21 credit certificate provides a sequential progression of
language proficiency, grammatical and analytical skills, and engagement with the
Deaf and HOH Community, as well as a preparation for interpreting.

This certificate does not have a selective admissions process. Students can
simply follow the seven-course sequence provided here. Students who successfully
complete this certificate may apply for limited enrollment in the ASLI
Certificate or Degree Program.


COD STORIES

Courtney Cechini [/about/stories/students/images/courtney_cechini.jpg]

“If you do not know where you belong, COD will guide you and help you find
yourself and your calling. The ASL Interpreting program is phenomenal and
provides you with so many opportunities." - Courtney Cechini

Courtney's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cechini.aspx]


COD STORIES

John Manzano [/about/stories/students/images/john_manzano.jpg]

“For those who are considering the ASL Interpreting program, get ready for the
best of the best. Learning a language is never easy, but it’s a challenge with a
grand prize at the end. This program consists of the most resourceful and
genuine professors who will bring the best out of you."- John Manzano

John's COD Story [/about/stories/students/manzano.aspx]


COD STORIES

Carly Mitchell [/about/stories/students/images/carly_gaerlan.jpg]

“I did research on a few interpreting programs and decided on College of DuPage
for a number reasons. I liked that COD was close to home. COD was affordable.
Lastly, but most importantly, COD’s Interpreting program has a deaf director and
deaf staff. When learning a language, it is important to learn from native
users.- Carly Gaerlan

Carly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gaerlan.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the ASLI program is to review program
admission information.
[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/admission-requirements.aspx]

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * American Sign Language Interpreter, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/american-sign-language-interpreting-program/american-sign-language-interpreter-program-aas/]
 * American Sign Language Interpreting, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/american-sign-language-interpreting-program/american-sign-language-interpreting-certificate/]
 * American Sign Language, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/american-sign-language-interpreting-program/american-sign-language-certificate/]


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


SIGNING CIRCLE EVENT

Signing Circle is a new monthly event for practicing ASL receptive skills,
increasing understanding of deaf culture and connecting with others interested
in American Sign Language. During the event deaf speakers will share their life
stories in American Sign Language and invite discussion. Discussion is in
American Sign Language and English interpretation will be provided for
non-signing participants. The event is free and open to the public.



Join Signing Circle
[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/signing-circle.aspx]



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the American Sign Language Interpreting Program
[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/contact.aspx]

Current Students
[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/current-students.aspx]



ASLI Program Information PacketDownload Now
[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/pdf/asli_admissions_packet.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/index.pcf]