https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/japan/info.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


JAPAN TRAVEL INFORMATION

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Field and
Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/]Summer Language
Study Abroad
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/]Japan
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/japan/]Japan
Travel Information
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Japan Travel Information
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/japan/info.aspx]
 * Financial Aid & Scholarships
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/scholarships.aspx]
 * Application and Forms
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/forms.aspx]

The program is open to anyone who has a strong interest in immersing themselves
in another culture. Qualified high school seniors 18 and over may be accepted
into the program. Community members are welcome.


ORIENTATION

A mandatory pre-departure orientation will be held at College of DuPage on a
Saturday in May. 


LANGUAGE CLASSES

All students are required to enroll in a Japanese language class, held at Kyoto
International Academy. Classes will accommodate students at Elementary Japanese
I and II, Intermediate Japanese I and II and Advanced Japanese. Prior to the
first class, all students will be assessed and placed at the appropriate level.
Changes can be made if a student progresses at a faster rate or shows different
learning needs.


CIVILIZATION AND CULTURE OF JAPAN

All students are required to enroll in this class. The course of study covers
the geography, history, political and social institutions and the arts of Japan.
The first class meets at the mandatory orientation session. In Japan the course
will continue with lectured field trips, visits to museums and directed
independent projects involving interaction with the Japanese people and culture.
session. Field Trips are an integral component of this class and therefore
attendance is mandatory. All students required to keep a journal provided in the
first class.  


KYOTO INTERNATIONAL ACADEMY (KIA)

The school was founded in 1988. The institute provides instruction in Japanese
in a warm, congenial atmosphere. It is located northwest of Kyoto. The
convenient location of the school allows students to observe the culture of this
most traditional city of Kyoto. The school uses the direct method of language
teaching, which means that lessons are conducted exclusively in the target
language. This enables the students to think in the foreign language immediately
and helps build their self-confidence. Materials for the program are critically
selected by teachers of KIA.

All KIA teachers are certified by the Ministry of Education and Science of Japan
and have been specially trained in their method of instruction. They all have
university degrees and teaching experience.


PROGRAM DIRECTOR/FACULTY

All language classes will be taught by faculty members at Kyoto International
Academy (Kyoto). The Culture and Civilization of Japan class will be taught by a
College of DuPage faculty member who will also be in residence in Kyoto to
counsel, supervise and assist students.


DIRECTOR

Shingo Satsutani is a Professor of Asian Languages at College of DuPage. A
native of Kyoto, Japan, he holds a B.A. in Western Philosophy and a B. Eng. in
Civil Engineering from Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto; M.A. in Asian Studies
from Seton Hall University, New Jersey. His further academic training was
extended to the Doctoral Studies in Language, Literacy and Learning at Fordham
University, New York. He has taught at Miami University of Ohio prior to coming
to COD in 1994. Professor Satsutani has led academic travels and international
field studies in various places in Japan more than thirty times, including the
College of DuPage Summer Study Abroad Program in Kyoto, Japan. He's been an
active leader in ICTFL (Illinois Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages)
and IATJ (Illinois Association of Teachers of Japanese, President) and works
with Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Chicago (JCCC) and Consulate
General of Japan in Chicago as an advisor for Japanese language related matters
such as Business Japanese seminar and an annual Japanese Speech Contest. As a
board member of the National Council of the Japanese Language Teachers
(2003-2006) he served as their president from 2004-2005. He's been assisting the
business matters of the Japanese National Honor Society (JNHS) since 2003 for
high school Japanese programs. In 2008, he won the National Award for teacher of
the year in the United States. His latest keen interest is the Japanese
education for the heritage speakers as well as bridging every level of K-16
Japanese education. In addition to his academic interests, Professor Satsutani
enjoys ice skating with his kids and playing with his dog.


CREDITS

Upon successful completion of the program, students will receive credit in one
Japanese course (3-4 credits, level based on placement), and Japanese 1100
(Civilization and Culture of Japan, 3 credits).


HOUSING AND MEALS

Students are housed in carefully selected homes. They are provided with
breakfast and supper and laundry service during the homestay period. This
arrangement provides the opportunity for the student to continue practicing
Japanese and to share the everyday life in Japan. These homes are near subway or
bus transportation. Lunch is not provided, but there are many excellent,
inexpensive restaurants all over the city. 


ACTIVITIES AND EXCURSIONS

Activities specified in the program schedule are included in the price of the
program.


OPTIONAL EXCURSIONS

Information will be provided on a variety of optional excursions that are not
included in the price of the program


PROGRAM COST

The program cost includes: round trip airfare from Chicago to Japan, ground
transportation in Japan, admissions and excursions as listed, course materials,
room and board.

Not included in the program cost: tuition for 6-7 credit hours, passport fees,
visa fees (if not a US citizen) optional excursions, personal expenses, some
meals, telephone calls, checked baggage fee.  

Program fees may be subject to change due to increased costs of transportation
or currency fluctuations that are beyond the control of the College. 


MONEY MATTERS

We recommend at least $250 per week for spending money (lunches, incidentals,
museum visits, temple visits, theaters, plus more for optional trips). VISA and
MasterCard are widely accepted in Japan. It would be a good idea to take one of
these with you. There are automatic teller machines in Japan which accept
ATM/Debit cards.


LATE APPLICANTS

We welcome students beyond the application deadline, space permitting.
Additional charges may apply.


PASSPORT

Each participant must have a valid passport that does not expire for at least 6
months after the anticipated return date to the U.S. Participants are
responsible for obtaining their own passports. As passports can take substantial
time to obtain, apply for it as soon as possible. Information can be obtained at
travel.state.gov/passport [http://travel.state.gov/passport/]


VISA

U.S. citizens do not need a visa to travel to Japan. Non-U.S. citizens may need
a visa.


INSURANCE

All participants are required to have medical insurance which is valid outside
the United States. Insurance can also be purchased to provide protection against
cancellations and lost or damaged baggage.


LIABILITY RELEASE AND ASSUMPTION OF RISK FORM

Participants in all Field and Experiential Learning/Study Abroad programs must
complete the Liability Release and Assumption of Risk form
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/pdf/libility-release-form.pdf].


CANCELLATION AND REFUND POLICY

In the event that a participant withdraws from the program, a right to a refund
is limited. All cancellations must be made in writing and sent to:

College of DuPage Field Studies/Study Abroad
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
425 Fawell Blvd.
Glen Ellyn, IL 60137-6599
 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3520
General inquiries: (630) 942-2356
Email: fssa@cod.edu [fssa@cod.edu]
Additional Contact Information
[/academics/academic_opportunities/field/contact.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/field/studyabroad/japan/info.pcf]