https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/sonography/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students practicing sonography techniques on a mannequin
[/_resources/img/hero/sonography-hero2.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Sonography


SONOGRAPHY PROGRAM

In Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ultrasound), sound waves are used to produce
images of human anatomy that radiologists use to diagnose and interpret medical
conditions. The Sonography programs at COD are designed to prepare students for
entry-level positions in sonography. 

Students can earn an Associate in Applied Science degree in Diagnostic Medical
Imaging Sonography that includes general and vascular training, as well as a
certificate in ultrasound and vascular sonography. Sonography courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/dmis/] range from introduction to
diagnostic medical imaging sonography, sonographic physics, patient care and
hands-on scanning.

Sonography is a selected enrollment program. Students need to qualify to apply
for the program by completing prerequisite classes and other admissions
requirements. Learn more about how to apply by following the directions in your
program's admission's packet:

 * Sonography Degree Admissions Packet
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dmis_aas.pdf]
 * Sonography Advanced Certificate Admissions Packet
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dmis.pdf]
 * Vascular Sonography Certificate Admissions Packet
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dmiv.pdf]

In order to apply, you must follow specific admission criteria before being
admitted into the program and follow the admission checklist located in your
program's admissions packet. The Sonography Advising Session PowerPoint
Presentation [/academics/programs/sonography/pdf/advising_session.pdf] can also
help you navigate the application process.

Note: DMIS 1105 and 1110 are only offered in the fall and spring semesters so
plan accordingly.



First Step to Apply - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]



The majority of the accepted applicants are typically in-district residents.
Please see the Sonography Admissions Packet listed above for more information.  

For more information on the degree and certificate programs, read the program's
frequently asked questions [/academics/programs/sonography/faq.aspx].


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Sonographers work in a variety of settings, including clinics, hospitals,
physician offices, public health facilities and laboratories. As a sonography
student, pursuing 

Why CODDegreesCertificatesAccreditation and Outcomes
Why COD

Advance your career by earning a degree or certificate in sonography. At COD,
you'll discover: 

 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention.
 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Instruction utilizing state-of-the-art equipment while having the opportunity
   to scan real patients [/academics/programs/sonography/volunteers.aspx].
 * Affordable programs without creating overwhelming debt or draining a savings
   account.
 * Program accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health
   Education Programs (CAAHEP).



Tour the Sonography Lab
[https://www.virtually-anywhere.net/tours/cod/vtour/index.html?startscene=scene_Sonography_Lab_-_HSC_1137]



Degrees


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL IMAGING SONOGRAPHY

The Diagnostic Medical Imaging Sonography Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography-aas/]
program includes extensive didactic and clinical applications in the specialties
of general and vascular sonography. Clinical applications include
abdominal/superficial structures, obstetrics/gynecology and vascular imaging
techniques.

Upon successful completion of the program, students are eligible to obtain
licensure in American Registry for Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS) in the
following: Sonography Principles & Instrumentation (SPI) Physics
Instrumentation; Abdomens & Superficial Structures; Obstetrics and Gynecology;
and Vascular Technology. 

Certificates


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL IMAGING SONOGRAPHY (ULTRASOUND)

The Diagnostic Medical Imaging Sonography (Ultrasound)
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography-ultrasound-certificate/]
is an advanced certificate program designed for graduates of accredited Medical
Imaging programs in Radiology, Nuclear Medicine, Nursing, etc. Clinical
education is provided at assigned clinical affiliates.

Upon successful completion of the program, students are eligible to obtain
licensure in American Registry for Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS) in the
following: Sonography Principles & Instrumentation (SPI); Physics
Instrumentation; Abdomens & Superficial Structures; and Obstetrics and
Gynecology. 


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL VASCULAR SONOGRAPHY

The Diagnostic Medical Vascular Sonography
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography/diagnostic-medical-vascular-sonography-certificate/]
certificate program is an extension of the current Diagnostic Medical Imaging
program designed to provide trained sonographers in the specialty of vascular
imaging for the clinical institutions and clinics in the Chicago area. Upon
successful completion of the program, students are eligible to obtain licensure
in American Registry for Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS) in the following:
Sonography Principles & Instrumentation (SPI) Physics Instrumentation and
Vascular Technology. 

Accreditation and Outcomes

The Diagnostic Medical Imaging Sonography Program at College of DuPage is
accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education
Programs (www.caahep.org [http://www.caahep.org/]) upon recommendation of the
Joint Review Committee on Education in Diagnostic Medical Sonography (JRC-DMS). 


COMMISSION ON ACCREDITATION OF ALLIED HEALTH EDUCATION PROGRAMS

9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775


JOINT REVIEW COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION IN DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL SONOGRAPHY JRC-DMS

6021 University Boulevard, Suite 500
Ellicott City, MD 21043


OUTCOME DATA FOR CLASS OF 2021

Wondering how you'll fare after graduation from COD's sonography program? Here's
data from the Class of 2021. 

 * Student Retention: 100% 
 * Job Placement: 100%
 * Credential Success Rate:
   Abdomen/Superficial Structures = 100%
   Obstetrics/Gynecology = 92.3%
   Vascular Technology = 100%


COD STORIES

Christine White [/about/stories/students/images/christine_white.jpg]

“The ultrasound program is very competitive and very intense. Study and practice
as much as you can and do not be afraid to ask questions, especially of your
clinical instructors." - Christine White

Christine's COD Story [/about/stories/students/white.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Sonography is to read the admissions
packet for your program:

 * Sonography Degree Admissions Packet
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dmis_aas.pdf]
 * Sonography Advanced Certificate Admissions Packet
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dmis.pdf]
 * Vascular Sonography Certificate Admissions Packet
   [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/dmiv.pdf]



Program Costs [/academics/programs/sonography/program-costs.aspx]



 

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Diagnostic Medical Imaging Sonography, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography-aas/]
 * Diagnostic Medical Imaging Sonography (Ultrasound), Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography-ultrasound-certificate/]
 * Diagnostic Medical Vascular Sonography, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/diagnostic-medical-imaging-sonography/diagnostic-medical-vascular-sonography-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL IMAGING – SONOGRAPHY

 * Obtain, review, and integrate pertinent patient history and supporting
   clinical data to facilitate optimum diagnostic results
 * Perform appropriate procedures and record anatomic, pathologic, and/or
   physiologic data for interpretation by a physician
 * Record, analyze, and process diagnostic data and other pertinent observations
   made during the procedure for presentation to the interpreting physician
 * Exercise discretion and judgment in the performance of sonographic and/or
   other diagnostic services
 * Demonstrate appropriate communication skills with patients and colleagues
 * Act in a professional and ethical manner
 * Provide patient education related to medical ultrasound and/or other
   diagnostic vascular techniques, and promote principles of good health

Source: Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health [https://jrcdms.org/]
Standards and Guidelines [http://www.jrcdms.org/pdf/Standards2011.pdf]




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several sonography transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/sonography.aspx] in place with four-year colleges
and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


DIAGNOSTIC MEDICAL IMAGING

medical image
[/_resources/img/video/diagnostic-video.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/aC2nIXRsQa4?rel=0

The curriculum of the COD Diagnostic Medical Imaging programs prepares students
to become job ready as a technologist in either radiography, sonography, nuclear
medicine, or radiation therapy.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Learn more about earning a degree in sonography or a certificate in sonography
or vascular sonography through our program frequently asked questions
[/academics/programs/sonography/faq.aspx].

 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Sonography Program [/academics/programs/sonography/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/sonography/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/sonography/index.pcf]