https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/physician-coding/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

woman working at computer [/_resources/img/hero/physician-coding-hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Physician Coding Program


PHYSICIAN CODING PROGRAM

AAPC Licensed Education Provider
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/logos/aapc-logo.png]





The Physician Coding certificate is a highly specialized training program
designed to prepare students for a career as a professional medical coder.
Students will learn how to interpret medical documentation and apply diagnostic
and procedural coding systems required for reimbursement of physician services.

Physician Coders work in healthcare but do not provide direct patient care. Many
coders work remotely and enjoy predictable work schedules that usually do not
include nights or weekends. In addition, medical coders can expect continued job
growth with increased wages as healthcare continues to expand. Successful
physician coders are detail-oriented, possess analytic problem-solving skills
and are comfortable working independently and with computers. They are committed
to ongoing education and learning new skills as the evolving healthcare
landscape demands.

While earning the certificate, students will explore medical terminology, basic
anatomy, pharmacology, ICD-10-CM and CPT code sets, reimbursement methodologies
and legal concepts related to patient privacy, billing, and insurance
reimbursement. The Physician Coding certificate incorporates theory and
real-world, hands-on coding activities giving learners the confidence and skills
needed to enter the coding profession. Physician Coding courses
[https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/hit/] align with the AAPC’s Certified
Professional Coder (CPC) certification, a nationally recognized and highly
sought industry credential.

Courses are offered part-time (three classes each semester), in the evenings and
are delivered through a combination of online and hybrid formats (depending on
the course) making it ideal for working professionals or those who have other
daytime commitments.



First Step to Register - Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Both medical coders and billers play crucial roles in the health care revenue
cycle, however they perform different job duties. Medical coders work directly
with patient’s records, translating provider documentation to diagnostic and
procedure code. They must possess the ability to work independently, be good
with computers and possess strong critical thinking skills.

Medical billers work closely with insurance companies to submit and process
claims, reconcile patient accounts and resolve coverage and denial issues.
Billers have direct contact with patients therefore, strong communication and
customer service skills are required. For students interested in medical
billing, COD offers a certificate in Medical Billing
[/academics/programs/medical-billing/index.aspx]that provides a comprehensive
overview of the medical billing process.

Why CODCertificate
Why COD

Whether you looking to advance your career or enter a new field in Medical
Coding, COD offers:

 * Licensed Education Provider for the AAPC.
 * Exam-based curriculum to ensure there are no surprises when it comes to
   credentialing exams.
 * Fall and spring start dates.
 * Dedicated educators with numerous years of field and classroom experience.
 * The opportunity to begin your new career in under a year. 

Certificate


PHYSICIAN CODING

The Physician Coding certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/health-information-technology/physician-coding-certificate/]
provides students with the technical knowledge and skills necessary to perform
diagnosis and procedure coding as well as billing for employment in a physician
office or outpatient clinic.

To become a certified coder, the following agencies administer coding
examinations:

 * American Health Information Management Association (AHIMA)
 * American Academy of Professional Coders (AAPC)


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Physician Coding program is to read the
Physician Coding Registration Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/physician-coding.pdf]. The packet contains
a registration checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible
for admission.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/physician-coding/program-costs.aspx]



Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Physician Office Coding and Billing, Certificate


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Physician Coding
program.

What is the difference between Medical Coding and Medical Billing?
Both medical billers and coders play crucial roles in the health care revenue
cycle, however they perform very different job duties. Medical billers work
closely with insurance companies to submit and process claims, reconcile patient
accounts, as well as resolve coverage and denial issues. Billers have direct
contact with patients so strong communication and customer service skills are
required. Whereas coders work directly with patient’s data and medical records.
They often work independently.
Can I work remotely as a coder?
Yes, BUT, many employers require on site training, or probationary period before
working fully remote. Another thing to keep in mind is medical coders are
required to meet accuracy and productivity standards as well as be logged in and
available for set company hours. Do not expect to able to perform your job
duties and care for children at the same time. Many companies require employees
sign contracts acknowledging they will have childcare during working hours.
However, earning nationally recognized credentials means, you can apply to fully
remote jobs throughout the country. 
Why should I get my Physician Coding credential?
Credentialed medical coders enjoy higher salaries, they are in high demand, have
a variety of job opportunities, and are more likely to be hired over a
non-credentialed candidate.
I just want a part-time job. I’m retired or caring for small children, is this
right for me?
There are limited part-time opportunities for medical coders. The journey to
becoming a medical coder is not an easy one and requires highly specialized
skills, dedication, and hard work. Additionally, the healthcare field is one of
emerging technologies, ever evolving laws, guidelines, and regulations.
Physician coders must stay current to perform their required job duties. Ongoing
education and training are required of coders so if you are looking for a
“light” job to do after retirement or to work part-time while you meet family
commitments, this may not be the right career for you. 
How much money will I make?
According to the AAPC 2023 Salary Survey, the national average salary for
medical coders who hold the CPC credential was $58,895. This average does not
account for differing state economies, years of experience or additional
education. However, like most professions, experience and demonstrating mastery
of skills by earning industry credentials is the biggest factor on higher
earnings. 
Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Physician Coding Program
[/academics/programs/physician-coding/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/physician-coding/current-students.aspx]



Physician Coding Registration PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/physician-coding.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/physician-coding/index.pcf]