https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/miltonberger.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: MATT MILTONBERGER

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Matt Miltonberger
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Student Stories: Matt Miltonberger
[/about/stories/students/images/matt_miltonberger.jpg]


Major: Motion Picture/TV

Matt Miltonberger credits his father for his pursuit of a film production and
animation career.

“I started getting into film and making videos seriously when I was in eighth
grade,” he said. “I would make short little films with my friends and put them
on YouTube. When I started getting into actual production more seriously in
early high school, I worked with my Dad and we produced the corporate videos for
his business. He always pushed me and had an interest in every hobby and passion
I had, especially film. My Dad knew it was something I had a knack for and
constantly supported me, making me a better filmmaker.”

Miltonberger initially took College of DuPage dual credit courses while in high
school, and he didn’t want to go anywhere else.

“I couldn’t afford to go to a four-year college, and honestly, COD is one of the
greatest community colleges in the nation,” he said. “I knew I would receive the
academic courses and support that I wanted and my debt wouldn’t be anything
compared to attending a four-year college.”

Miltonberger received a hands-on educational experience in the Motion
Picture/Television program and was constantly learning new aspects of film,
animation and TV news. One of his best experiences was taking the Commercial
Video Production summer class with his twin sister, Amy.

“In this class, you have an actual client and you produce a commercial or
promotional video for their company,” he said. “It was one of the most ‘real
world’-like experiences that I’d had so far, and it really taught me about the
work flow in the corporate production world.”

Miltonberger initially wanted to be a cinematographer or camera operator, and he
dabbled in other areas in hopes of running his own freelance production company.
After his first semester, he changed his mind and now wants to be a motion
graphic animator.

He credits his instructors and their experiences working in the industry for
influencing his decisions.

“My animation teacher, Tony Venezia, was the one who guided me and made me
realize how much I truly love animation and how much I enjoy learning about it.
Tony is like a mentor to me and has been throughout my COD career,” he said. “My
editing teacher, John Rangel, was the one who helped me realize that I love
editing. Rangel pushed me to become better every day as the professor for my
Advanced Film Production class.

“Honestly, all of the instructors at COD just kept pushing me past my comfort
zone. It’s OK to try something completely new where you have to work incredibly
hard in order to learn how to make it work, or it’s completely OK to try
something new and fail. Either way, you’re trying something that you’ve never
tried before, and that’s really how you learn. I feel like my professors are
preparing me as much as they can for the real world and they do a fantastic
job.”

In 2016, he and several other MPTV program students interned for a small local
production company that produced a political satire news show called “WTF News
America.” After two days of working on graphics, it was clear the show needed
full-time employees, so Miltonberger was hired full-time editing the show and
producing all the motion graphics for the entire pilot season. That fall, the
same production company hired him to edit a feature film called “A Chance in the
World,” which was submitted to the Sundance Film Festival.

“Editing the feature was an unbelievable experience because I was faced with so
many things that I had never experienced, such as working with 4k footage,
having a proper workflow for editing a feature film, and working under an
unbelievably tight deadline to try and make the Sundance submission,” he said.
“The fact that I have edited a full feature film on my own at this age is kind
of unreal. Most people don’t get the opportunity until being out of school for a
few years.”

He then produced a nine-minute animated infographic “Climate Change: We Are the
Problem and the Solution,” which was shown during COD’s annual Animation Night.

Miltonberger earned his Associate in Applied Science in Film/Video Production
and initially decided to freelance, producing animated instructional/procedural
videos for an orthodontics company. However, he decided to return to school and
pursue a bachelor’s degree in Cinema Art and Science at Columbia College,
focusing on motion design.  

“Education was always important to my Dad, who passed away when I was 18 after a
four-year battle with cancer,” he said. 

During a job fair at Columbia, Miltonberger landed a summer internship as a 3D
design intern with TracyLocke, an advertising agency in Chicago that focuses on
retail product, ad and packaging design for clients such as SC Johnson and
Kellogg’s. He worked on projects with the senior 3D designers and was the sole
3D designer on a number of projects for SC Johnson like Glade, Ziploc, Raid and
OFF! and for Kellogg’s with Pringles, Rice Krispies and Pop-Tarts.

His next internship was at Sarofsky, a video production and motion design studio
renowned for main title design work on several Marvel movies, including
“Avengers: Infinity War,” and 2D/3D design and animation, live action, editing,
and visual effects for advertising. After graduating with his bachelor’s,
Miltonberger was hired by Sarofsky.  

“Being at Sarofsky has been the greatest experience of my career so far,” he
said. “I have learned more from my peers than I could ever have imagined.”  

In 2019-2020, he was a lead 3D animator and compositor on a nearly year-long
project to create the title sequence for the FITC (Future of Innovation,
Technology and Creativity) international conference. Every year, one company or
artist is selected for this honor, and Sarofsky was asked to produce the
sequence, which was “What You May Find: FITC x Sarofsky.” 

Wherever his career takes him, Miltonberger recommends both College of DuPage
and the MPTV program to any student. 

“I truly love COD,” he said. “It is a fantastic school and the MPTV program is
phenomenal. A lot of people look down on community colleges in general, but
honestly, going to a community college was the best decision I made academically
and financially. All of the instructors in the program are just incredible
people who love the art of film and media. I feel like I learned so much from
this program and from my time at COD.”

Learn more about the Motion Picture/TV program at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/mptv/]

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/miltonberger.pcf]