https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/business-technology/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students studying in class
[/_resources/img/hero/earlychildhoodeducation-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Divisions [https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/]Business and Applied
Technology Division


BUSINESS AND APPLIED TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

Always aware of the current and emerging trends in business, industry and
computer technology, the Business and Applied Technology Division prepares its
students with the skills needed for immediate success in the job market and with
a solid academic base for continuing their education at a
degree-granting institution.

Faculty program coordinators work closely with business and industry through
professional networks and advisory committees to maintain current and relevant
curricula. Faculty have real-world experience to bring to their classes,
ensuring that students receive a strong education based on both theory and
applied approaches to learning, career guidance, and career skill development.


PROGRAMS



classroom full of accounting students
[/_resources/img/program-listing/accounting-class-threecard.jpg]


ACCOUNTING

The Accounting program [/academics/programs/accounting/index.aspx] at College of
DuPage provides fundamental, advanced education and practice in accounting
principles in areas of business, technology and taxation.

automotive technology, man working on a car
[/_resources/img/program-listing/automotive-programlisting.jpg]


AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE TECHNOLOGY

The Automotive Service Technology program
[/academics/programs/autotech/index.aspx] provides fundamental advanced
education and hands-on experience in automotive system operation, diagnosis and
repair of passenger cars, SUVs and light trucks.

cupcakes for courage business graduate
[/_resources/img/program-listing/business-programlisting.jpg]


BUSINESS, MANAGEMENT AND MARKETING PROGRAMS

The Business, Management and Marketing programs
[/academics/programs/business/index.aspx] at College of DuPage provide
fundamental and advanced education as well as practice in essential business
principles.

woman working in the computer lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/computer-programlisting.jpg]


COMPUTER AND INFORMATION SCIENCE

The Computer and Information Science (CIS) program
[/academics/programs/cis/index.aspx] gives students a variety of options to
prepare for a career in information technology (IT).

students working in a computer lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/computerinfo-programlisting.jpg]


COMPUTER AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

The Computer and Information Technology (CIT) program
[/academics/programs/cit/index.aspx] offers courses, degrees and certificates to
help prepare students to transfer to a four-year college or pursue a career in a
wide range of information technology (IT) fields including computer systems and
networking.

Student working on a robot
[/_resources/img/program-listing/electro-mechanical.png]


ELECTRO-MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY

Study robotics and industrial automation at COD in the Electro-Mechanical
Technology program [/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/index.aspx].





students working on electronics
[/_resources/img/program-listing/electronictech-programlisting.jpg]


ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY

Step into the future, start your career or expand it by immersing yourself in
COD’s Electronics Technology program
[/academics/programs/electronics-technology/index.aspx].

students working in the hvac lab at cod
[/_resources/img/program-listing/hvac-programlisting.jpg]


HEATING, VENTILATION, AIR CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATION (HVACR)

The Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration (HVACR) program
[/academics/programs/hvacr/index.aspx] at College of DuPage provides both a
general technical background in HVACR and also allows for specialization in many
areas of the industry.

student working on a floral competition
[/_resources/img/program-listing/horticulture-programlisting.jpg]


HORTICULTURE

The Horticulture program [/academics/programs/horticulture/index.aspx] provides
fundamental and advanced education and practice to prepare graduates for
successful entry into the workforce.

student and teacher working in the manufacturing lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/manufacturetech-programlisting.jpg]


MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY

The Manufacturing Technology program
[/academics/programs/manufacturing/index.aspx] emphasizes basic engineering
principles, technical skills, and identifying and resolving production problems
in product manufacturing.

student working in a computer lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/officeinfotech-programlisting.jpg]


OFFICE TECHNOLOGY INFORMATION

The Office Technology Information (OFTI) program
[/academics/programs/ofti/index.aspx] at COD provides fundamental and advanced
education and practice in a wide range of skills to prepare students for
successful careers as administrative support professionals.

teacher in classroom with students
[/_resources/img/program-listing/paralegal-programlisting.jpg]


PARALEGAL STUDIES

The Paralegal Studies program [/academics/programs/paralegal/index.aspx] at
College of DuPage provides students with the knowledge, training, skills, values
and attitude they need to become highly competent, ethical paralegals who will
make a positive contribution to the advancement of the paralegal profession.





student in welding gear welding
[/_resources/img/program-listing/welding-programliting.jpg]


WELDING TECHNOLOGY

Welding [/academics/programs/welding/index.aspx] is becoming an increasingly
high-tech skill in which welders are being trained to operate robots and other
automated systems that use powerful lasers, electron beams and explosives to
bond metal. 




CONTACT INFORMATION

Business and Applied Technology Division
[/academics/divisions/business-technology/index.aspx]
Technical Education Center (TEC), Room 1034
(630) 942-2592
Email: biztech@cod.edu [biztech@cod.edu]

Peter Deeman, [kronenburgerj@cod.edu] Program Advisor
(630) 942-2548
Email: deemanp@cod.edu [deemanp@cod.edu]

Anika Collins, Program Advisor
(630) 942-3961
Email: collinsa555@cod.edu [collinsa555@cod.edu]

Nazia Naqvi, Program Advisor
(630) 942-2081
Email: naqvin@cod.edu [naqvin@cod.edu]


CAMPUS LOCATIONS

 * Berg Instructional Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/bic_ssc.aspx]
 * Seaton Computing Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/scc.aspx]
 * Technical Education Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/tec.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/divisions/business-technology/index.pcf]