https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/employer-recruitment-policies.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Exterior view of Student Resource Center building
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-src-south-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Career Services Center
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/]Career Services for
Employers
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/]Employer
Recruitment Policies


EMPLOYER RECRUITMENT POLICIES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Employer Recruitment Policies
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/employer-recruitment-policies.aspx]
 * Internship Guide for Employers
   [/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/internship-guide.aspx]

College of DuPage assists employers with recruitment opportunities for College
of DuPage students, alumni and in-district residents. Assistance is offered to
employers in accordance with the Principles of Professional Conduct for Career
Services Professionals outlined by the National Association of Colleges and
Employers (NACE) [http://www.naceweb.org/]. Additionally, the College of DuPage
Career Services Center requires all employers to act in accordance with the
Principles of Professional Conduct for Employment Professionals, as outlined by
NACE.

Employers wishing to recruit at College of DuPage must meet the following
criteria and follow the noted expectations.


I. RECRUITING CRITERIA

A. Employers must fall into at least one of the following categories (may be for
profit or not-for-profit):

 * Public and Private Companies or Organizations
 * Government agencies or associations
 * Institutions
 * Third Party Recruiters / Staffing Agencies

"A personal residence, individual or household seeking personal services (i.e.
childcare, housekeeping, therapy, etc.) solely commission-based,or multilevel
marketing companies are not considered and are ineligible for listing services 
through the Career Services Center."

B. Employers must be appropriately licensed as required by the state. The Career
Services Center must be able to verify that a company is a licensed business and
that basic information about a company is readily accessible.

C. At-Home Business Policy: A personal residence, individual or household
seeking personal services (i.e. childcare, housekeeping, therapy, etc.), solely
commission-based, or multilevel marketing companies are not considered and are
ineligible for listing services through the Career Services Center. Home-based
businesses must provide a Certificate of Insurance to csc@cod.edu
[csc@cod.edu?subject=] prior to being approved on Chaps Get Hired.


II. EXPECTATIONS

Employers who wish to recruit on campus must meet the following expectations:

A. Register with Chaps Get Hired
[/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx],
College of DuPage's online career link. Each company must include the following
with their registration:

 1. Company Name
 2. Company Address (must not be a P.O. Box or personal address)
 3. Contact person name and title
 4. Contact person phone and email
 5. Company website
 6. Detailed Company description
 7. Must initial the EOE Status

B. Clearly disclose the employing organization's name and the specific duties
required of that position

C. Must not solicit or sell products during the course of recruiting.

D. May not charge any type of fee or payment as a condition of hiring,
employment orientation or training

E. May not post positions in private homes or other environments deemed unfit by
Career Services

F. Comply with all federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) laws
(Title Vi, and IX, and ADA) and the Department of Labor Fair Labor Standards Act
[http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs71.htm] when recruiting for any
unpaid internship(s).

G. Must use student and applicant information and resumes for the sole purpose
of recruiting and hiring and may not make unsolicited contact with candidates to
promote products or services.

H. Must safeguard all personally identifiable information of candidates

I. Must comply with the policies of College of DuPage and the Career Services
Center.

J. Staffing Agencies and Third-Party Recruiters will not solicit opportunities
from other employers while recruiting on campus. 

Employers who do not comply with the noted criteria, expectations or the NACE
Principles for Professional Practice while recruiting College of DuPage
students, alumni and community members may be temporarily or permanently
restricted from some or all recruiting services. "The Career Services Center may
update and modify the employer recruitment policy at any time due to the
ever-changing nature of the workforce and methods of hiring. The Career Services
Center reserves the right to review all employers and employment opportunities
and may reject and/or modify recruiting rights and access based on the best
interest of students, alumni, and community members. Discontinuation of services
will occur should it be deemed that an employer has violated any aspect of the
set recruiting policies."



III. THIRD-PARTY RECRUITERS AND STAFFING SERVICES

Third party recruiters are invited to recruit on campus under the following
guidelines:

 * They identify themselves as a third party recruiter at the top of all job
   postings.
 * Fees are not charged to the candidate at any time
 * They are able to provide to the Career Services Center (should it be
   requested) the identity of the employer being represented and the nature of
   the relationship between the agency and the employer, and permit the Career
   Services Center to verify this information by contacting the named client.
 * They provide a complete job description for valid openings
 * They release candidate information exclusively to the identified employer
   only. Re-disclosure of candidate information is not permitted.


IV. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE CAREER SERVICES CENTER

The Career Services Center safeguards personally identifiable information of
students and alumni under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
[http://www2.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/fpco/ferpa/index.html].

For community members who are not subject to FERPA protections, the Career
Services Center will exercise sound judgment in protecting the personal
information gathered when providing services. However, it is the responsibility
of community members to safeguard their personally identifiable information when
using the services of the Career Services Center, regardless of the source,
including written records, reports, surveys and computer databases such as
College Central Network DuPage.


V. RECRUITING SERVICES FOR EMPLOYERS


A. JOB AND INTERNSHIP POSTINGS

 1. Employers may post jobs and internships on the Chaps Get Hired
    [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx],
    College of DuPage's online career link.
 2. Postings must be individual postings, no multiple postings will be approved.
 3. All postings must be descriptive of the duties and responsibilities of the
    position.
 4. The Career Services Center will review and approve all postings, and
    reserves the right to verify that a posting is an authentic job opportunity,
    and is in the best interests of students, alumni and community job seekers.
 5. Employers must register and post positions on their own accord. College of
    DuPage staff cannot post positions for employers
 6. Employers are responsible for updating company contact information and for
    re-posting expired positions within the Chaps Get Hired
    [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx]
    system.


B. VIRTUAL INTERNSHIP POLICY

 1. Employers may post jobs and internships on the Chaps Get Hired
    [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx],
    College of DuPage's online career link.
 2. Employers recruiting virtual internship opportunities must provide the
    Career Services Center with a communication plan and remote policy to be
    reviewed and approved prior to posting positions. Please send this
    information to internships@cod.edu [internships@cod.edu].
    * Communication plans will include the who, what, where, when and how of the
      business's communication between staff.
      * Who will the intern report to directly?
      * What will be expected of the intern regarding questions, project
        updates, project clarification and more.
      * Where will the communication take place? Example: via email, zoom,
        google drive, etc.
      * When will the direct supervisor and intern be communicating? Example:
        daily, weekly, bi-weekly, etc.
      * How will the intern receive a mentoring experience and appropriate
        feedback?
 3. Employers recruiting for virtual internship opportunities must provide
    students with the appropriate resources for the student to be successful.
    i.e. cloud access, hot spot accessibility, zoom, and all other equipment and
    document sharing tools.
 4. Employers must provide the Career Services Center with proof of business
    insurance.
 5. All non-virtual meetings must be conducted in a public location. i.e. a
    coffee shop, library, College of DuPage etc.
 6. All virtual internship opportunities must provide students with weekly
    mentoring opportunities between the student and direct supervisor.
 7. Virtual internships should not last more than 16 weeks which is the length
    of an academic semester whether or not the student is pursuing academic
    credit.


C. WORKFORCE WEDNESDAYS ON-CAMPUS RECRUITING POLICY

 1. All employers must be approved on the center’s electronic job board, Chaps
    Get Hired
    [/student_life/resources/career-services/electronic-resources/chaps-get-hired.aspx]. 
 2. Employers will be required to complete the Workforce Wednesday Program (WFW)
    reservation request form
    [https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=LtmHvtjshkW0fKUEZtBPTVq7jAIA0gxDnBeItC88qhhUN0tPSENFTUpPRkc1S0xCOUozWldZTEM0MyQlQCN0PWcu&web=1&wdLOR=cB6991565-EAD2-4609-8687-3D13CE7E38FB]
    to be considered. Please expect to hear from the Career Services Center
    within 48-72 hours of submission. 
 3. Arrive 15 minutes early to check in with the Career Services Center located
    in the Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3258. 
 4. Employers are required to stay for the entire time of 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
    *Times are strategically chosen to maximize student exposure. 
 5. The Career Services Center provides the use of a 6ft. table and two chairs.
    Bring your own table cloth and a maximum of two representatives from your
    company. *Food and beverage items are prohibited for recruitment efforts.
    Employers passing out items will be asked to leave. .
 6. Cancellations must be received by the Career Services Center via email at
    csc@cod.edu [csc@cod.edu] subject: Workforce Wednesday Reservation
    Cancellation at least 24 hours in advance or the reservation will be
    considered a no-show. 
 7. One no-show can forfeit your participation in WFW for the remainder of the
    academic year. 
 8. Complete the satisfaction survey that will be provided to you via email from
    the Career Services Center following your campus visit. 

If you have questions, contact the Career Services Center at csc@cod.edu
[csc@cod.edu] 


D. CAREER FAIRS

 1. Career fairs conducted by College of DuPage require employer registration
    and may or may not include a fee to attend.
 2. College of DuPage Career Services Center reserves the right to deny access
    to employers for any reason that is not in the best interests of the
    College, students, and community job seekers.
 3. Staffing Agencies and Third-Party Recruiters will be eligible to attend if
    space allows and will be subject to abide by all listed recruiting policies.
    Agencies who violate these policies forfeit their eligibility to recruit at
    COD.

Any questions about these policies can be directed to the Career Services Center
at (630) 942-2230.





CONTACT INFORMATION

Career Services
Student Services Center (SSC) Room 3258
Email: csc@cod.edu [csc@cod.edu]
Phone: (630) 942-2230
Fax: (630) 942-4596

Regular Hours:
Monday to Thursday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.  
Friday, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@codcareercenter [https://instagram.com/codcareercenter/]

Facebook
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
@codcareerservicescenter [https://www.facebook.com/CODCareerServicesCenter/]

Twitter
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@codcareercenter [http://twitter.com/CODCareerCenter]

Linked In
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_linkedin.png]Linkedin:
@codcareercenter [https://www.linkedin.com/company/codcareercenter]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/career-services/employers/employer-recruitment-policies.pcf]