https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/english/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

pen graphic with random letters
[/_resources/img/hero/english-main-hero-image.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]English Programs


ENGLISH PROGRAMS

English at College of DuPage is comprised of Creative Writing
[/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/index.aspx], Film
[/academics/programs/english/film.aspx], Literature
[/academics/programs/english/literature.aspx] and Writing Studies
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/index.aspx]. Each program has its
own unique focus and approach, but all of the programs provide high-demand 21st
century skills like communication, collaboration and problem solving. 

Through innovative English courses
[/academics/programs/english/english-courses.aspx] taught by award-winning
faculty, students will build personal and interpersonal communication skills and
gain academic and professional skills. Students also have the opportunity to
unlock creative potential while sharpening analytical and communication
abilities. Discussion also focuses around understanding and appreciating global
perspectives and cultural viewpoints.

A variety of programs and on-campus activities are available for students of
varying skill levels and multiple interests. Students can take advantage of the
Accelerated Learning Program
[/academics/programs/english/accelerated-learning.aspx] designed specially for
students who meet reading, but not writing placement requirements. Writers can
also take part in the professional writing
[/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/writing-professionally.aspx] or
creative writing [/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/index.aspx]
lecture series. During Writers Read,
[/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/writers-read-series.aspx] students
also have the opportunity to read and discuss work with a published author.  

The hiring outlook for English majors remains positive as business and industry
continue to need creative problem solvers and effective communicators. By virtue
of its versatility, English prepares graduates for the diverse jobs of today and
the professional opportunities of tomorrow.


SELECT AN ENGLISH PROGRAM

scroll graphic with letters in the background
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/creative-writing.jpg]


CREATIVE WRITING

Creative Writing exposes learners to creative writing genres including poetry,
creative nonfiction, drama, fiction, and screenwriting.

Learn More [/academics/programs/english/creative-writing/index.aspx]
film reel graphic with letters floating in the background
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/film.jpg]


FILM

Students can choose to study film analysis, film production or both through a
series of cross-listed course offerings between English and Motion
Picture/Television departments.

Learn More [/academics/programs/english/film.aspx]
book graphic with turning pages and letters in the background
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/literature.jpg]


LITERATURE

Literature classes explore literary texts from a broad range of cultures,
geographies and time periods.

Learn More [/academics/programs/english/literature.aspx]
column graphic with letters in the background
[/_resources/img/two-column-card/writing-studies.jpg]


WRITING STUDIES

Writing Studies is a multifaceted program that prepares you for academic, public
and professional writing.

Learn More [/academics/programs/english/writing-studies/index.aspx]
Student Testimonials

Why do I write? To say what others have not, to change what is needed, to
enlighten those in the dark, and to be the voice to anyone who has been
silenced.
- Lauren Krizenecky (COD Creative Writing Student and Accounting major)

I have thoroughly enjoyed taking Creative Writing courses online. As a writer,
the classes have helped enhance my writing skills and overall help me better my
craft.
- Vanessa Jasek (COD Alumnus)

English courses at College of DuPage are beneficial in aiding our understanding
of texts as well as connecting the historical context of different time periods
to our society today. Even in the courses I'm currently taking at ISU, I still
utilize the analytical skills I acquired at COD.
- Brianna Liddell (COD Alumnus majoring in English Education at Illinois State
University)

In Literature, I saw clearly for the first time the ways in which the literary
knowledge, critical thinking skills, and communication skills I was getting from
liberal arts classes could be translated into other areas of my life and into
other fields.
- Elly Nalbach (COD Alumnus)


COD STORIES

John Kurpiel [/about/stories/students/images/john-kurpiel.jpg]

John Kurpiel had decided to pursue a master’s degree in Library Science, which
did not require a particular major to enter a graduate program. He chose to
study English at COD, and as his passion for the subject grew, he transferred to
North Central College and was named Outstanding Major in Literature. Instead of
Library Science, he is now in an MA/Ph.D. program in English.

John's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kurpiel.aspx]


COD STORIES

Bridget Kingston [/about/stories/students/images/bridget_kingston.jpg]

During her first semester, Bridget Kingston began writing and editing for the
student newspaper, The Courier. Now she is the first College of DuPage student
to take advantage of COD’s Columbia AA to BA in English Transfer program.

Bridget's COD Story [/about/stories/students/kingston.aspx]


COD STORIES

Olivia Voegtle [/about/stories/students/images/olivia_voegtle.jpg]

Olivis Voegtle began taking dual credit courses at COD while a junior in high
school in order to supplement her homeschool classes and count toward a degree.
Working as an editor for The Prairie Light Review, COD’s Liberal Arts journal,
gave her the hands-on experience in the field she wanted to pursue.

Olivis' COD Story [/about/stories/students/voegtle.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is a big misconception a lot of people have about majoring in English that
I myself didn't realize. Majoring in English does not mean your options are
limited to teaching literature or writing novels (but if that's what you want to
do, then go for it!) - there are actually countless other careers available to
English majors.

Bree ScottCOD Alumnus and Lewis University Student, majoring in English

lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication



Apply Now
[https://admissions.cod.edu/RecruitNewWFE/Account/Login?ReturnUrl=%2fRecruitNewWFE]

Contact the English Program [/academics/programs/english/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/english/current-students.aspx]



Fall 2023 CoursesLearn More [/academics/programs/english/english-courses.aspx]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/english/index.pcf]