https://www.cod.edu/academics/online/online-class-formats/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student working at computer
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-male-student-computer-lab.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Online
Degrees [https://www.cod.edu/academics/online/]Online Class Formats


ONLINE CLASS FORMATS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Is Online Learning Right for You?
   [/academics/online/online-class-formats/right-for-you.aspx]
 * Professional Licensure Disclosures
   [/academics/online/online-class-formats/professional-licensure-disclosures.aspx]
 * State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement
   [/academics/online/online-class-formats/sara.aspx]

We love our campus at College of DuPage, but we also understand that some
students need the flexibility of online courses to make it easier to work
towards their educational goals, while still keeping up with work or other
family obligations.

COD offers more than 580 different courses in an online format (though
availability varies by term), covering more than 80 different disciplines.
Whether you need to take a single course or work towards a degree, online
courses can be an attractive option for learning when it works best for you.


REMOTE LEARNING OPTIONS

In addition to in-person courses, COD offers two other remote learning options
to fit your schedule: online (NET) courses, hybrid (HYB) courses and virtual
classroom meetings (VCM). 


ONLINE (NET) COURSES

NET courses are taught completely online and follow instructor timelines with
interaction occurring mostly through discussion boards and written messages. All
assignments are submitted online.


HYBRID (HYB) COURSES

HYB courses are a variation of online and in-person learning. Students meet
on-campus for labs, studios or clinical work, but have additional required
learning to be completed online.


VIRTUAL CLASSROOM MEETINGS (VCM)

With VCMs, students meet in real-time on specified days and times as they
normally would in-person, but the class is completely online. The use of video
chat software allows students regular face-to-face contact, but in a virtual
format.


HYBRID AND ONLINE COURSE SEARCH

New hybrid and online courses are added each term. The Hybrid and Online Course
Search makes it easier to find non-traditional courses by highlighting only
hybrid and online courses for the term. Course descriptions, professors, and
sections are listed, but students will need to use Student Planning in order to
register.



Fall 2023 Hybrid and Online Course Search
[/aspcod/codonline/courses.asp?Term=2023FA]



For more information on important course and registration information, visit
the enrollment calendar
[/registration/student-registration-calendar-2021.aspx]. 


REGISTERING FOR ONLINE COURSES

Students who are ready to register for online courses will use the same process
for any of our traditional courses. If you have any questions, contact Office of
Student Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]. Students who are new
to College of DuPage will need to apply before taking any online courses.
Contact Admissions and Outreach [/admission/admissions_policies.aspx] for
questions regarding getting started at College of DuPage. 


SMARTERMEASURE ASSESSMENT TEST

Before you enroll in any online course, however, it is important to make sure
online learning is a good fit for you. While there are many benefits to online
learning, it’s not the right choice for every student or every situation. To
gain an understanding of your personal readiness for online learning, determine
if online learning is right for you
[/academics/online/online-class-formats/right-for-you.aspx] or complete
the SmarterMeasure online learning assessment [http://cod.smartermeasure.com/].


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

In many ways, online courses are similar to traditional courses. Before
enrolling in an online course, students should have an understanding of what
expectations are required.

How do online courses and hybrid courses work?

Online courses at COD are administered through Blackboard, the learning
management system used at COD. Blackboard is where you will be able to find your
course syllabus and calendar and access your assignments, tests and course
discussions. You will be expected to log on to Blackboard frequently--every day
in many cases and sometimes over the weekend.

Each course is different, but the majority of online courses are structured just
like traditional courses. Work must be completed by certain deadlines (you can't
wait until the last week to do it all), which are usually spaced week-by-week.
You will need to log on to look at new lecture material and to complete any
assignments that the instructor has put on the site.

In many courses, you will also be responsible for participating in weekly
discussions. These are done through online discussion boards, where you will be
graded on your responses to questions and engagement with other students.

With the exception of not going to a physical classroom each week (some online
courses do require occasional campus visits), your online course will operate
just as any other course you've taken, with several different types of work and
participation counting towards your grade.


HYBRID COURSES

A hybrid course combines 50 percent face-to-face classroom time with 50 percent
online instruction. While students taking a hybrid course spend half as much
time in the classroom, these courses have the same requirements and workloads as
traditionally-delivered courses.

How are online classes different from traditional classes?

Online classes are no different than traditional courses. The coursework is
essentially the same, as are the expectations. You will receive the same amount
of credit and online courses do not show up differently on your transcript.

Of course, not everything about online learning is identical. In an exclusively
online course, you will not be going to a physical class location and can learn
where and when you'd like. This has some advantages and some disadvantages, as
it is more convenient but will require you to be more proactive about completing
course work and ensuring you stay on pace with the class.

Will I need to come to campus?
The majority of online courses at COD are delivered entirely online and will not
necessitate students coming to campus. However, there are some online courses
that will require you to come to campus for placement testing or for proctored
exams or to outside locations for clinical practicums.

To learn if a course requires a campus visit, check in myACCESS.

Can I work at my own pace?

Yes and no. You can complete your work any time of day or night that you want.
This is part of what makes online classes so great for working adults.

However, you will have to meet weekly deadlines. This means that you will have
to keep pace and ensure that you are completing work regularly so that you will
not miss these deadlines and fall behind in the course.

What can I do to succeed in an online class?

Many of the things that will make you successful in an online class are the same
things that make you successful in a traditional class: completing course
reading assignments, asking questions, watching lectures, and studying on a
regular schedule.

But because online courses are student-centered, a lot of your success depends
on your active participation. For each credit hour you are taking, you will need
to spend three to four hours completing the requirements of the course. So for a
three hour course, you can expect to commit anywhere from nine to twelve hours a
week.

Will I feel isolated in an online course?

If you are the type of person who needs face-to-face interaction to thrive,
then, yes, you might feel isolated in an online course. But if talking with your
classmates and professors over email, discussion boards, and other methods of
online communication works for you, you should be fine, as you'll get a lot of
this kind of interaction. You can expect that participation and serious
engagement will make up a substantial part of your grade.

In fact, because everyone must post to a discussion board in an online class,
you can get to know your teacher and classmates very well – sometimes even
better than you would in a traditional classroom.

If you need help with your online courses, you can contact tech support, faculty
members, and staff working in every department in the school, from registration
to the library.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Registration Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2221
Phone: (630) 942-2377
Email: registration@cod.edu [registration@cod.edu]

Regular Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Student Help Desk: (630) 942-2999

Individuals who need language assistance, call Campus Central at (630) 942-3000
or email campuscentral@cod.edu [campuscentral@cod.edu].

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/online/online-class-formats/index.pcf]