https://www.cod.edu/records/proof-of-prerequisite.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

two students working together on classwork
[/_resources/img/hero/prepharmacy-class-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Office of Student Records
[https://www.cod.edu/records/]Proof of Prerequisite


PROOF OF PREREQUISITE

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Academic Definitions [/records/academic-definitions.aspx]
 * Degree Audit [/records/degree-audit.aspx]
 * Enrollment Verification [/records/enrollment-verification.aspx]
 * Final Course Grades [/records/final-course-grades.aspx]
 * Forgiveness/Rebuild Academic Record Policy [/records/forgiveness.aspx]
 * Graduation Information [/records/graduation/index.aspx]
   * Commencement Ceremony Information [/records/graduation/commencement.aspx]
 * International Transcript Evaluation Company Listing
   [/records/international-transcript-evaluation.aspx]
 * Name Changes or Corrections [/records/name-change.aspx]
 * Order Transcripts [/records/order-transcripts.aspx]
 * Program Code Listing [/records/program-code-listing.aspx]
 * Proof of Prerequisite [/records/proof-of-prerequisite.aspx]
 * Recommendation Letters or Forms [/records/recommendation-letters.aspx]
 * Roster and Attendance Verification [/records/roster-verification.aspx]
 * Student Records Forms [/records/forms/index.aspx]
   * Academic Program Change Form [/records/forms/academic-program-change.aspx]
   * Application for Degree or Certificate 2023/2024 Academic Year
     [/records/forms/application-degree-certificate.aspx]
   * Course Description Request
     [/records/forms/course-description-requests.aspx]
   * Final Grade Report Request [/records/forms/final-grade-report-request.aspx]
   * Petition for Failing Grades
     [/records/forms/petition-for-failing-grades.aspx]
   * Prerequisite Verification Request
     [/records/forms/prerequisite-verification-request.aspx]
 * Transcript Evaluation [/records/transcript-evaluation.aspx]
 * Prerequisite Frequently Asked Questions [/records/prerequisite-faqs.aspx]

A prerequisite is a required course or other enrollment criteria that must be
satisfied prior to registration. Each institution will establish their own
prerequisite requirements. Students enrolling at College of DuPage will need to
meet the following requirements. 

High School TranscriptsACT or SAT scoresAP ScoresNon-College of DuPage College
Coursework
High School Transcripts


READING/WRITING CATEGORY ONE

 * Qualifying unweighted cumulative GPA of 2.60* on a 4.00 scale or equivalent 
   *some exclusions apply


TRANSITIONAL MATH

 * An A, B, or C grade from an Illinois high school senior year (2 semesters)
   Transitional Math course completed in the last 18 months may allow placement
   into some math courses.


MATH 1218 OR 1220 ONLY

 * Illinois High school cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher with successful
   completion of a 4th year high school math class (2 semesters with C or
   higher) within the past 18 months
   *Only applicable for 2022 graduates and onward


MATH 1321 ONLY

 * Illinois High school cumulative GPA of 3.2 or higher with successful
   completion of a 4th year high school math class (2 semesters with C or
   higher) within the past 18 months
 * *Students also need ALEKS Geometry score of 50 or higher. Math 1321 students
   will need to pass, with an 80% or higher, an arithmetic skills assessment as
   a mastery component of the course
   *Only applicable for 2022 graduates and onward


CHEMI1551 ONLY

 * One year high school chemistry with a satisfactory grade (2 semesters with C
   or higher)*
   *Students will also need to fulfill the math requirement.


HOW TO SUBMIT

Submit an unofficial copy to hstranscript@cod.edu
[hstranscript@cod.edu?subject=] with “HS Prerequisite,” in the subject line.

ACT or SAT scores


READING/WRITING CATEGORY ONE

 * ACT Composite score of 20 (or higher), SAT Total score of 950 (or higher) or
   SAT Reading & Writing subscore of 480 (or higher)


MATH 1218 OR 1220 ONLY

 * An ACT math score of 22 or a SAT math score of 530 (Scores must be less than
   30 months old.)


MATH 1321 ONLY

 * ACT math sub score of 24 or higher within the past 30 months*
 * SAT math score of 570 or higher within the past 30 months
   *Students also need ALEKS Geometry score of 50 or higher. Math 1321 students
   will need to pass, with an 80% or higher, an arithmetic skills assessment as
   a mastery component of the course.


CHEMI 1211 ONLY

 * ACT math sub score of 21 or higher
 * SAT math score of 530 or higher


CHEMI 1551 ONLY

 * ACT math sub score of 25 or higher*
 * SAT math score of 590 or higher*
   *Students will also need to fulfill the chemistry requirement.


NON-MATH COURSES ONLY

 * ACT math sub score – dependent on the score and course requested


HOW TO SUBMIT

Submit an unofficial copy to prereq@cod.edu [prereq@cod.edu?subject=] with
“ACT/SAT for Prerequisite,” as in the subject line.

AP Scores
 * AP proof of perquisites are dependent on the score.
   [/academics/testing/tests-accepted.aspx]


HOW TO SUBMIT

Complete the Prerequisite Verification Request Form
[/records/forms/prerequisite-verification-request.aspx] and submit an unofficial
copy to prereq@cod.edu [prereq@cod.edu?subject=] with “AP for Prerequisite,” in
the subject line.

Non-College of DuPage College Coursework
 * Dependent on the course requested and final grade.
   *Students who are currently enrolled in the prerequisite at a different
   institution should still fill out the prerequisite verification form


HOW TO SUBMIT

Complete the Prerequisite Verification Request Form
[/records/forms/prerequisite-verification-request.aspx] and submit an unofficial
copy to prereq@cod.edu [prereq@cod.edu?subject=] with “College Prerequisite," in
the subject line.


SATISFYING PREREQUISITES

For more detailed information, view a list of frequently asked questions
[/records/prerequisite-faqs.aspx].

If you will not satisfy a prerequisite through the above criteria, contact
placement testing [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]or
learn more about reading and writing placement tests
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx]or math
placement tests.
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx]

Please be advised: Unofficial documents can be used for prerequisite purposes,
but official transcripts are required for full evaluations. When a student
submits a document, it is considered unofficial. In order for a transcript to be
considered official, it must be sent directly to COD from the issuing
institution.

Once a transcript is submitted to the College of DuPage, it cannot be returned
to the student and becomes the property of the College.

Contact prereq@cod.edu [prereq@cod.edu] or call (630) 942-2260 if you have any
questions.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/records/proof-of-prerequisite.pcf]