https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student Resources Center
[/_resources/img/hero/campus-outside-src-daytime-spring-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study


AREAS OF STUDY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
   * Course Descriptions [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/els/]
   * Kaplan International Tools for English Placement Test
     [/academics/programs/els/kite.aspx]
   * Studying with an F-1 Student Visa [/admission/international/index.aspx]
     * Admission Requirements
       [/admission/international/admissions-requirements.aspx]
     * Estimated Expenses [/admission/international/expenses.aspx]
     * English Proficiency [/admission/international/english_proficiency.aspx] 
     * Resources [/admission/international/resources.aspx]
   * Taking Classes for Your Career
     [/academics/programs/els/reading-writing.aspx]
   * Transferring Credits from Your Country
     [/records/international-transcript-evaluation.aspx]
 * Career and Technical Degree and Certificates
   [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
 * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
 * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
 * Learning Outcomes [/academics/programs/general-education-outcomes.aspx]
 * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
 * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
 * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * 3+1 Bachelor's Degree Programs [/academics/transfer/3plus1.aspx]
   * College Websites and Transfer Information
     [/academics/transfer/colleges/index.aspx]
   * Guaranteed Transfer Admission Programs
     [/academics/transfer/guaranteed-transfer-admission.aspx]
   * Program Agreements and Transfer Guides
     [/academics/transfer/programs/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Transfer [/academics/transfer/transfer-steps.aspx]
   * Transfer Application Checklist
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-application-checklist.aspx]
   * Transfer Events and College Visits [/academics/transfer/events/index.aspx]
   * Transfer Resources [/academics/transfer/resources.aspx]
   * Transfer Scholarship Opportunities
     [/academics/transfer/transfer-scholarship-opportunities.aspx]

College of DuPage offers transfer degrees and career and technical education
programs in a broad range of fields and disciplines. Whether you're looking to
establish a foundation in the humanities or enter the field of hospitality
management, COD offers up-to-date, personalized coursework in an area of study
that's of interest to you.



Search All Programs

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


FILTER PROGRAMS BY ACADEMIC & CAREER PATHWAYS

All Programs A - ZBusiness & Information TechnologyCareer & TechnicalCulinary &
HospitalityEducationFine & Applied ArtsHealth SciencesLiberal Arts &
CommunicationPublic ServicesSocial & Behavioral SciencesSTEMStill Deciding or
Undecided

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


ALL PROGRAMS


BUSINESS AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Build a strategy, lead a team or manage a budget. Set yourself apart with a
degree that gives you an in-depth understanding of the business world and the
confidence to keep it moving forward. Explore the path to a variety of
high-demand careers in information technology. Build a network, design a mobile
application or website, develop software or write a computer game. Be at the
forefront of the ever-changing IT arena.

computer icon
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/icons/pathways/business-and-information-technology.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_4

Business and Information Technology


CAREER AND TECHNICAL

The economy is powered by those who make and maintain our manufacturing
facilities, homes, vehicles and infrastructures. Make your mark by developing a
new source of energy, reinvigorating the manufacturing industry or enhancing the
environment. Try your hand at welding or consider heating, cooling and
ventilation – businesses and homeowners depend on climate control to support
daily operations. This field requires both mental and physical dexterity and
appeals to those who take pride in skill and craftsmanship.

gear icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/career-and-technical.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_5

Career and Technical


CULINARY AND HOSPITALITY

Cook for an event, book a large corporate gathering, plan a menu or run a
restaurant kitchen at an international corporation. If you have a passion for
food, the Culinary Arts program is both exciting and challenging. Classes are
taught in state-of-the-art kitchen facilities. Students will also experience
running our six-room boutique hotel. Prepare for a career in restaurants,
hotels, resorts, bed and breakfasts, time shares, condos, retirement
communities, convention and visitor bureaus, destination marketing organizations
or an event planning company. Find success doing what you love.

Chef hat icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/culinary-and-hospitality.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_6

Culinary and Hospitality


EDUCATION

Share your passion for teaching, learning or leading a class with goal-driven,
like-minded educators. Gain experience alongside professional teachers who can
help you succeed in the classroom and beyond. Prepare yourself for a profession
that continuously develops your knowledge and leadership skills. If you want to
make a difference as a teacher, principal or in another academic role, education
is likely the path for you.

apple on book icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/education.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_7

Education


FINE AND APPLIED ARTS

Turn your interest in art, design, music, theater or film into a living. Learn
first-hand from industry professionals and create a portfolio that stands out.
Unleash your imagination, creativity and expertise in the Cosmetology program.
Fashion is everywhere and so are career opportunities for individuals who
combine knowledge of the fashion business with their own talents and ambitions.
The world needs interior designers to plan, create, improve and beautify the
spaces where people live and work, making them accessible, environmentally
friendly, comfortable and functional.

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts


HEALTH SCIENCES

Few professions match the rewarding field of health care. As technologies
advance and generations age, the demand for health care professionals increases.
Gain the skills and confidence you need to care for others when they need help
the most. Make a real difference in people’s lives while working in patient
care, laboratory testing and healthcare management. Programs range from nursing
and respiratory care to dental hygiene and medical imaging. Choose from a
variety of high-demand health care careers.

cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences


LIBERAL ARTS AND COMMUNICATION

The study of Humanities frees students to think beyond personal and cultural
boundaries and to consider informed actions that have constructive outcomes for
the future. Introductory and specialized courses explore the development of
humankind's ideas and value systems. Courses provide background for any field of
study that requires critical and creative thinking. These skills help you
achieve more in the classroom, in the workplace and in life.

lightbulb clock and book on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/liberal-arts-and-communication.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_10

Liberal Arts and Communication


PUBLIC SERVICES

It takes dedication, desire and a strong will to enter the firefighter or
emergency care personnel fields. Those who secure jobs in this field are deeply
committed to their work and knowingly risk their lives to help others. The field
is rewarding, as you are working toward the greater good. These modern-day
heroes and heroines are the first responders to emergencies and the hands into
which the health and safety of communities are placed.

shield icon of public service images
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/public-services.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_11

Public Services


SOCIAL AND BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES

Social and Behavioral Scientists apply human behavior to policy and practice,
understand and shape the world and use data to provide evidence-based decision
making. Are you interested in investigating human interaction around culture,
race, inequality, gender, religion, politics, power and the environment? Do you
want to empower yourself to advocate for positive changes in individuals,
families and communities? Explore this path. Coursework leads students to career
and technical education certificates and degrees and meets general education
requirements.

hman head with brain on icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/social-and-behavioral-sciences.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_12

Social and Behavioral Sciences


STEM

A world without Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) is a world
without innovation. Students who are analytical problem solvers with a curious
nature may enjoy a career as a mathematician, biologist, chemist, researcher,
engineer or computer programmer. Are you interested in charting a path across
the Milky Way, rethinking industrial processes, preventing diseases, engineering
sustainable communities or keeping countries sound? This rewarding field has
many fast-growing jobs in scientific and high-tech subject areas. Step into the
future where it’s hard to find an area of life that hasn’t been touched by
electronics.

science molecule icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/stem.png]https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_13

STEM


STILL DECIDING OR UNDECIDED

This transfer path degree plan prepares students to transfer to a baccalaureate
institution.

Undecided [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/undecided.png]

Undecided

FIRST

LAST
classroom full of accounting students
[/_resources/img/program-listing/accounting-class-threecard.jpg]


ACCOUNTING

[/academics/programs/accounting/index.aspx]
image of Health Science Center [/_resources/img/program-listing/program4.jpg]


AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE INTERPRETING

[/academics/programs/american-sign-language-interpreting/index.aspx]
animation/motion graphics computer lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/animationmotion-programlisting.jpg]


ANIMATION/MOTION GRAPHICS

[/academics/programs/mptv/animation.aspx]
students digging in ruins
[/_resources/img/program-listing/anthropology-program-listing.jpg]


ANTHROPOLOGY

[/academics/programs/anthropology/index.aspx]
Two men working on a machine
[/_resources/img/program-listing/project-hire-ed-apprent.jpg]


APPLIED TECHNOLOGY

[/project-hire-ed/student-opportunities/index.aspx]
architecture students
[/_resources/img/program-listing/architecture-programlisting.jpg]


ARCHITECTURE

[/academics/programs/architecture/index.aspx]
student artwork showcase
[/_resources/img/program-listing/art-programlisting.jpg]


ART

[/academics/programs/arts/index.aspx]
man taking pictures of the lunar eclipse
[/_resources/img/program-listing/astronomy-programlisting.jpg]


ASTRONOMY

[/academics/programs/earth_science/astronomy/index.aspx]
nursing students in a mock lab at COD
[/_resources/img/program-listing/nursing-programlisting.jpg]


ASSOCIATE DEGREE NURSING (ADN)

[/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx]
automotive technology, man working on a car
[/_resources/img/program-listing/automotive-programlisting.jpg]


AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/autotech/index.aspx]
student examining an airplane wing with an instructor
[/_resources/img/program-listing/aviation.jpg]


AVIATION MANAGEMENT

[/academics/programs/aviation/index.aspx]
baking and pastry arts, ginger bread house decorating
[/_resources/img/program-listing/bakingpastryarts-programlisting.jpg]


BAKING AND PASTRY ARTS

[/academics/programs/culinary/baking-pastry-arts/]
women working in stem- biology experiment
[/_resources/img/program-listing/biology-programlisting.jpg]


BIOLOGY

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
male students working with plants outside
[/_resources/img/program-listing/botany-programlisting.jpg]


BOTANY

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
cupcakes for courage business graduate
[/_resources/img/program-listing/business-programlisting.jpg]


BUSINESS

[/academics/programs/business/index.aspx]
central processing distribution technician
[/_resources/img/program-listing/centralprocessing-programlisting.jpg]


CENTRAL STERILE PROCESSING DISTRIBUTION TECHNICIAN CERTIFICATE

[/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/index.aspx]
cna program [/_resources/img/program-listing/cna-programlisting.jpg]


CERTIFIED NURSING ASSISTANT

[/academics/programs/cna/index.aspx]
women working on a chemistry project
[/_resources/img/program-listing/chemistry-programlisting.jpg]


CHEMISTRY

[/academics/programs/chemistry/index.aspx]
Chinese students standing for fashion show
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-chinese.jpg]


CHINESE

[/academics/programs/languages/chinese.aspx]
student working on a science project
[/_resources/img/program-listing/clinical-lab-programlisting.jpg]


CLINICAL LABORATORY SCIENCE

[/academics/programs/clinical-laboratory-science/index.aspx]
ct scan machine [/_resources/img/program-listing/ct-programlisting.jpg]


COMPUTED TOMOGRAPHY (CT)

[/academics/programs/computed-tomography/index.aspx]
woman working in the computer lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/computer-programlisting.jpg]


COMPUTER & INFORMATION SCIENCE

[/academics/programs/cis/index.aspx]
students working in a computer lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/computerinfo-programlisting.jpg]


COMPUTER & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/cit/index.aspx]
student working in a construction management course
[/_resources/img/program-listing/constructionmanagement-programlisting.jpg]


CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT

[/academics/programs/architecture/construction-management.aspx]
woman working in the cosmetology lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/cosmetology-programlisting.jpg]


COSMETOLOGY

[/academics/programs/cosmetology/index.aspx]
woman working in the culinary arts kitchen
[/_resources/img/program-listing/culinaryarts-programlisting.jpg]


CULINARY ARTS

[/academics/programs/culinary/culinary-arts/index.aspx]
chef plating food in the kitchen
[/_resources/img/program-listing/culinology-chef.jpg]


CULINOLOGY AND FOOD SCIENCE

[/academics/programs/culinary/culinology/index.aspx]
professor teaching students about cybersecurity
[/_resources/img/program-listing/cybersecurity-programlisting.jpg]


CYBERSECURITY AND DEFENSE

[/academics/programs/cyber-defense/index.aspx]
woman dancing on stage
[/_resources/img/program-listing/dance-programlisting.jpg]


DANCE

[/academics/programs/dance/index.aspx]
students learning about cleaning teeth
[/_resources/img/program-listing/dental-programlisting.jpg]


DENTAL HYGIENE

[/academics/programs/dental/index.aspx]
woman standing behind a news desk
[/_resources/img/program-listing/digital-broadcast-journalism.jpg]


DIGITAL BROADCAST JOURNALISM

[/academics/programs/mptv/digital-broadcast-journalism.aspx]
young children in class
[/_resources/img/program-listing/earlychildhood2-programlisting.jpg]


EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE

[/academics/programs/ecec/index.aspx]
earth science student outdoors
[/_resources/img/program-listing/earthscience-programlisting.jpg]


EARTH SCIENCE

[/academics/programs/earth_science/index.aspx]
student studying in a classroom
[/_resources/img/program-listing/economics-class-programlisting.jpg]


ECONOMICS

[/academics/programs/economics/index.aspx]
a woman teacher in her classroom
[/_resources/img/program-listing/teacher-programlisting.jpg]


EDUCATION/TEACHER PREPARATION

[/academics/programs/teacher-prep/index.aspx]
Student working on a machine
[/_resources/img/program-listing/electro-mechanical.png]


ELECTRO-MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/electro-mechanical/index.aspx]
students working on electronics
[/_resources/img/program-listing/electronictech-programlisting.jpg]


ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/electronics-technology/index.aspx]
ems students in a simulation
[/_resources/img/program-listing/ems-programlisting.jpg]


EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES

[/academics/programs/fire/paramedic-program.aspx]
emt students in an emergency simulation
[/_resources/img/program-listing/emt-programlisting.jpg]


EMERGENCY MEDICAL TECHNICIAN

[/academics/programs/fire/emt/index.aspx]
a student and professor working on machines
[/_resources/img/program-listing/engineering-programlisting.jpg]


ENGINEERING

[/academics/programs/engineering/index.aspx]
female student reading in a classroom setting
[/_resources/img/program-listing/english-programlisting.jpg]


ENGLISH

[/academics/programs/english/index.aspx]
students practicing eye tests
[/_resources/img/program-listing/eyecare-programlisting.jpg]


EYE CARE ASSISTANT

[/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/index.aspx]
woman in a fashion show at COD
[/_resources/img/program-listing/fashion-programlisting.jpg]


FASHION STUDIES

[/academics/programs/fashion/index.aspx]
students filming and interviewing other students on the COD campus
[/_resources/img/program-listing/film-video-programlisting.jpg]


FILM/VIDEO

[/academics/programs/mptv/film.aspx]
firefighter at the top of the stairs with huge hose
[/_resources/img/program-listing/firescience-programlisting.jpg]


FIRE SCIENCE

[/academics/programs/fire/index.aspx]
female firefighter graduate
[/_resources/img/program-listing/firefighter-programlisting.jpg]


FIREFIGHTER

[/academics/programs/fire/index.aspx]
French Club students smiling
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-french.jpg]


FRENCH

[/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
students studying in a class setting
[/_resources/img/program-listing/geography-programlisting.jpg]


GEOGRAPHY

[/academics/programs/geography/index.aspx]
man out in nature [/_resources/img/program-listing/geology-programlisting.jpg]


GEOLOGY

[/academics/programs/earth_science/geology/index.aspx]
Student sitting in class [/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-german.jpg]


GERMAN

[/academics/programs/index.aspx]
graphic design student on the computer
[/_resources/img/program-listing/graphicdesign-programlisting.jpg]


GRAPHIC DESIGN, ADVERTISING, WEB AND ILLUSTRATION

[/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.aspx]
woman on a computer
[/_resources/img/program-listing/health-care-office-assistant.jpg]


HEALTH CARE OFFICE ASSISTANT

[/academics/programs/health-care-office/index.aspx]
Students working on computers
[/_resources/img/program-listing/health-information-tech.jpg]


HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/health-information/index.aspx]
hearing instrument [/_resources/img/program-listing/hearing-programlisting.jpg]


HEARING INSTRUMENT DISPENSARY

[/academics/programs/hearing-instrument-dispensing/index.aspx]
students working in the hvac lab at cod
[/_resources/img/program-listing/hvac-programlisting.jpg]


HEATING, AIR CONDITIONING AND REFRIGERATION (HVACR)

[/academics/programs/hvacr/index.aspx]
students doing group work in a classroom
[/_resources/img/program-listing/history-programlisting.jpg]


HISTORY

[/academics/programs/history/index.aspx]
student working on a floral competition
[/_resources/img/program-listing/horticulture-programlisting.jpg]


HORTICULTURE

[/academics/programs/horticulture/index.aspx]
hospitality student working in the mock hotel on campus
[/_resources/img/program-listing/hospitality-programlisting.jpg]


HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT AND TOURISM

[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/index.aspx]
man sitting with a pile of books
[/_resources/img/program-listing/humanservices-programlisting.jpg]


HUMAN SERVICES

[/academics/programs/human-services/index.aspx]
students in class [/_resources/img/program-listing/humanities-programlistig.jpg]


HUMANITIES

[/academics/programs/humanities/index.aspx]
a water damn [/_resources/img/program-listing/hydrology-programlisting.jpg]


HYDROLOGY

[/academics/programs/earth_science/hydrology/index.aspx]
Student working with technology
[/_resources/img/program-listing/integrated-engineering.jpg]


INTEGRATED ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/integrated-engineering/index.aspx]
interior design instructor
[/_resources/img/program-listing/interiordesign-programlisting.jpg]


INTERIOR DESIGN

[/academics/programs/interior-design/index.aspx]
Students smiling using microphone
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-italian.jpg]


ITALIAN

[/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
Two students working on homework
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-japanese.jpg]


JAPANESE

[/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
police officer assisting two women
[/_resources/img/program-listing/criminaljustice-programlisting.jpg]


CRIMINAL AND JUSTICE STUDIES

[/academics/programs/justice-studies/index.aspx]
Students working on laptop in resource center
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-korean.jpg]


KOREAN

[/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
students studying in a class setting
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-programlisting.jpg]


LANGUAGES

[/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
woman picking out books in the library
[/_resources/img/program-listing/library-programlisting.jpg]


LIBRARY & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/library-technology/index.aspx]
the long term lab at cod
[/_resources/img/program-listing/longterm-programlisting.jpg]


LONG-TERM CARE ADMINISTRATION

[/academics/programs/long-term-care/index.aspx]
students huddled around an MRI machine
[/_resources/img/program-listing/dmi-mri-programlisting.jpg]


MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING (MRI) TECHNOLOGY 

[/academics/programs/mri/index.aspx]
woman looking at a mammogrpahy
[/_resources/img/program-listing/mamprogramlisting.jpg]


MAMMOGRAPHY

[/academics/programs/mammography/index.aspx]
students in a classroom setting working on an assignment together
[/_resources/img/program-listing/management-programlisting.jpg]


MANAGEMENT

[/academics/programs/business/index.aspx]
student and teacher working in the manufacturing lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/manufacturetech-programlisting.jpg]


MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/manufacturing/index.aspx]
student working on a test
[/_resources/img/program-listing/marketing-programlisting.jpg]


MARKETING

[/academics/programs/business/index.aspx]
teacher instructing a class
[/_resources/img/program-listing/masscom-programlisting.jpg]


MASS COMMUNICATION

[/academics/programs/mass-communication/index.aspx]
professor teaching mathematics
[/_resources/img/program-listing/math-programlisting.jpg]


MATHEMATICS

[/academics/programs/math/index.aspx]
medical assistant students working in the mock nursing labs at college of dupage
[/_resources/img/program-listing/medicalassistant-programlisting.jpg]


MEDICAL ASSISTANT

[/academics/programs/medical-assistant/index.aspx]
Students working in library
[/_resources/img/program-listing/physician-office-stock.jpg]


MEDICAL BILLING

[/academics/programs/medical-billing/index.aspx]
two women planning an event looking at a clipboard
[/_resources/img/program-listing/stock-wedding-planning.jpg]


MEETING AND EVENTS PLANNING

[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/meeting-event-planning.aspx]
meterology student
[/_resources/img/program-listing/meterology-programlisting.jpg]


METEOROLOGY

[/academics/programs/earth_science/meteorology/index.aspx]
student in the motion picture television lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/motionpicture-programlisting.jpg]


MOTION PICTURE/TELEVISION

[/academics/programs/mptv/index.aspx]
jazz music festival [/_resources/img/program-listing/music-programlisting.jpg]


MUSIC

[/academics/programs/music/index.aspx]
two students training on drawing blood
[/_resources/img/program-listing/phlebotomy-program-listing.jpg]


NON-INVASIVE EKG

[/academics/programs/ekg/index.aspx]
nuclear medicine practice
[/_resources/img/program-listing/nuclearmedicine-programlisting.jpg]


NUCLEAR MEDICINE

[/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/index.aspx]
nursing students [/_resources/img/program-listing/nursingpre-programlisting.jpg]


NURSING PRE-BSN

[/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx]
huge boat on the ocean, waves splashing into the boat
[/_resources/img/program-listing/oceanography-programlisting.jpg]


OCEANOGRAPHY

[/academics/programs/earth_science/oceanography/index.aspx]
student working in a computer lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/officeinfotech-programlisting.jpg]


OFFICE TECHNOLOGY INFORMATION

[/academics/programs/ofti/index.aspx]
operating room
[/_resources/img/program-listing/operatingroom-programlisting.jpg]


OPERATING ROOM PATIENT CARE TECHNICIAN

[/academics/programs/operating_room_patient_care_technician/index.aspx]
Two Ophthalmic Technicians working
[/_resources/img/program-listing/ophthalmictechnician-programlisting.jpg]


OPHTHALMIC TECHNICIAN

[/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/index.aspx]
teacher in classroom with students
[/_resources/img/program-listing/paralegal-programlisting.jpg]


PARALEGAL STUDIES

[/academics/programs/paralegal/index.aspx]
paramedic students in a mock emergency
[/_resources/img/program-listing/paramedic-programlisting.jpg]


PARAMEDIC

[/academics/programs/fire/paramedic-program.aspx]
philosophy classroom
[/_resources/img/program-listing/philosophy-programlisting.jpg]


PHILOSOPHY

[/academics/programs/philosophy/index.aspx]
Phlebotomist performing blood draw on patient
[/_resources/img/program-listing/phlebotomy-program-listing.jpg]


PHLEBOTOMY

[/academics/programs/phlebotomy/index.aspx]
photography student, taking a picture at an art exibit
[/_resources/img/program-listing/photography-programlisting.jpg]


PHOTOGRAPHY

[/academics/programs/photography/index.aspx]
student working out in the gym at COD
[/_resources/img/program-listing/physicaleducation-programlisting.jpg]


PHYSICAL EDUCATION, FITNESS, AND SPORT STUDIES

[/academics/programs/physical-education/index.aspx]
physical therapist training
[/_resources/img/program-listing/physicaltherapy-programlisting.jpg]


PHYSICAL THERAPIST ASSISTANT (PTA)

[/academics/programs/physical-therapist/index.aspx]
Students working in the library
[/_resources/img/program-listing/physician-office-stock.jpg]


PHYSICIAN CODING

[/academics/programs/physician-coding/index.aspx]
professor teaching two students about physics in a hands-on lab
[/_resources/img/program-listing/physics-programlisting.jpg]


PHYSICS

[/academics/programs/physics/index.aspx]
female student studying in the library
[/_resources/img/program-listing/politicalscience-programlisting.jpg]


POLITICAL SCIENCE

[/academics/programs/political-science/index.aspx]
student working on a mans teeth in a dental hygiene office, students watching
[/_resources/img/program-listing/dentalhygene-programlisting.jpg]


PRE-DENTISTRY (BIOLOGY)

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
pre-medicine studies
[/_resources/img/program-listing/premedicine-programlisitng.jpg]


PRE-MEDICINE (BIOLOGY)

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
Female therapist doing rehab with child patient
[/_resources/img/program-listing/pre-occupational-therapy.jpg]


PRE-OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
person working in a pharmacy with medication
[/_resources/img/program-listing/prepharmacy-programlisting.jpg]


PRE-PHARMACY (BIOLOGY)

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
students practicing physical therapy treatments
[/_resources/img/program-listing/prephysicaltherapy-programlisting.jpg]


PRE-PHYSICAL THERAPY (BIOLOGY)

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
Student checking blood pressure of patient
[/_resources/img/program-listing/pre-physician-assistant.jpg]


PRE-PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
students studying in a class setting
[/_resources/img/program-listing/pre-vet-programlisting.jpg]


PRE-VETERINARY (BIOLOGY)

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
program therapy on a mock person
[/_resources/img/program-listing/protontherapy-dmi-programlisting.jpg]


PROTON THERAPY

[/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/proton-therapy/index.aspx]
three students studying at a table in the cod library
[/_resources/img/program-listing/psychology-programlisting.jpg]


PSYCHOLOGY

[/academics/programs/psychology/index.aspx]
student in the mock nursing lab learning from an instructor
[/_resources/img/program-listing/radiationtherapy-dmi-programlisting.jpg]


RADIATION THERAPY

[/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/index.aspx]
radiography students working with machine
[/_resources/img/program-listing/radiography-dmi-programlisting.jpg]


RADIOGRAPHY

[/academics/programs/radiography/index.aspx]
male student studying in class
[/_resources/img/program-listing/religiousstudy-programlisting.jpg]


RELIGIOUS STUDIES

[/academics/programs/philosophy/index.aspx]
respiratory care [/_resources/img/program-listing/respitory-programlisting.jpg]


RESPIRATORY CARE

[/academics/programs/respiratory-care/index.aspx]
COD grad working in the kitchen she owns
[/_resources/img/program-listing/restmanagement-programlisting.jpg]


RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT

[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/restaurant-management.aspx]
Student pointing to board
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-russian.jpg]


RUSSIAN

[/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
woman listening in a classroom setting
[/_resources/img/program-listing/sociology-programlisting.jpg]


SOCIOLOGY

[/academics/programs/sociology/index.aspx]
cod grad standing by a ultrasound machine
[/_resources/img/program-listing/sonography-programlisting.jpg]


SONOGRAPHY (ULTRASOUND)

[/academics/programs/sonography/index.aspx]
Students outside doing homework
[/_resources/img/program-listing/languages-spanish-students.jpg]


SPANISH

[/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
speech class in naperville
[/_resources/img/program-listing/speech-programlisting.jpg]


SPEECH COMMUNICATION

[/academics/programs/speech-communication/index.aspx]
Woman working with child on speech
[/_resources/img/program-listing/spla-program.jpg]


SPEECH LANGUAGE PATHOLOGY ASSISTANT (SLPA)

[/academics/programs/slpa/index.aspx]
classroom full of students
[/_resources/img/program-listing/accounting-class-threecard.jpg]


STILL DECIDING/UNDECIDED

[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/undecided/undecided-aa/#programmaptext]
two people in an operating room looking at surgical equiptment
[/_resources/img/program-listing/surgicalassistant-programlisting.jpg]


SURGICAL FIRST ASSISTANT

[/academics/programs/surgical-assistant/index.aspx]
two cod students looking through surgical tech
[/_resources/img/program-listing/surgicaltechnology-programlisting.jpg]


SURGICAL TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/surgical-tech/index.aspx]
students performing a christmas carol
[/_resources/img/program-listing/theater-programlisting.jpg]


THEATER

[/academics/programs/theater/index.aspx]
Male student standing in front of camera in a control room
[/_resources/img/program-listing/television-production.jpg]


TELEVISION PRODUCTION

[/academics/programs/mptv/television.aspx]
women with travel tickets in her hand
[/_resources/img/program-listing/stock-travel-tourism-agent.jpg]


TRAVEL AND TOURISM

[/academics/programs/hospitality-management-tourism/travel-tourism.aspx]
Sonograpy students working with professor
[/_resources/img/program-listing/vascular-sonography-program-listing.jpg]


VASCULAR SONOGRAPHY

[/academics/programs/sonography/index.aspx]
student welding [/_resources/img/program-listing/welding-programliting.jpg]


WELDING TECHNOLOGY

[/academics/programs/welding/index.aspx]
student showing a snake to kids at stemcon
[/_resources/img/program-listing/zoology-programlisting.jpg]


ZOOLOGY (BIOLOGY)

[/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FIRST

LAST
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/index.pcf]