https://www.cod.edu/student_life/dean-of-students/student-rights.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

violence against women act (2013) image
[/_resources/img/hero/summer-students-founatin-male-female-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Dean
of Students [https://www.cod.edu/student_life/dean-of-students/]Student Rights
and Responsibilities


STUDENT RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Behavioral Intervention Team
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/index.aspx]
   * In Case of Emergency
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/emergency.aspx]
   * Guide for Dealing with Classroom Disruptions
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/classroom-disruption-policy.aspx]
   * Responding to Students with Possible Behaviors of Concern
     [/student_life/dean-of-students/behavioral_intervention/response.aspx]
 * Code of Academic Conduct
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/academic-integrity.aspx]
 * Code of Student Conduct [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-conduct.aspx]
 * Religious Observances [/student_life/dean-of-students/religious.aspx]
 * Student Complaint Process
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-complaint-process.aspx]
 * Student Rights and Responsibilities
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/student-rights.aspx]
 * Title IX – Preventing and Responding to Sexual Violence
   [/student_life/dean-of-students/title-ix.aspx]


VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT (REAUTHORIZED, 2013)

This Federal law requires colleges to annually train new students and employees
about the campus climate related to sexual assault, dating violence, domestic
violence, and stalking, as well as the crimes in the Annual Security Report.
Educational sessions regarding safety, bystander education, and sexual
misconduct prevention will be ongoing and announced on the College portal and
myACCESS.


STUDENT RIGHT-TO-KNOW ACT

This federal law requires colleges to disclose graduation rates or projected
graduation rates for full-time degree or certificate students. College of DuPage
is in compliance with this regulation. Information of this nature is available
in the Annual Security Report [/about/police_department/statistics.aspx] and
Student Right-To-Know.
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/know.aspx]

This federal law requires colleges to annually publish information relating to
the number of crimes reported on the college campus and the security measures
that are in place to reduce the risk of crime within the college community. For
more details, contact College of DuPage’s Campus Police Department
[/about/police_department/index.aspx], or see the Annual Security Report
[/about/police_department/statistics.aspx].

College of DuPage complies with the Higher Education Act Amendments of 1992 and
1998 by disclosing campus crime statistics, including any reported incidents of
forcible or non-forcible sex offenses. In addition, the college complies with
the law by adopting procedures for victims to follow if a sex offense occurs.
Contact College of DuPage Police at (630) 942-2000, if you have questions about
the reporting or disclosing procedures.


CONCEALED CARRY

College of DuPage enforces State law prohibiting concealed firearms on all
college campuses as well as college controlled classrooms and college sponsored
events.


DRUG-FREE SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITIES ACT

In accordance with this federal law, the use of alcoholic beverages and illegal
chemical substances is a major concern on college campuses across the nation.
College of DuPage is committed to providing its students with information about
health risks, available resources, laws and current policies regarding the use
of drugs and alcohol. For more information, contact the Campus Police Department
[/about/police_department/index.aspx] or the Dean of Students Office.


ILLINOIS STUDENT OPTIONAL DISCLOSURE OF PRIVATE MENTAL HEALTH ACT (P.A. 99-278)

In accordance with the Illinois Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental
Health Act [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.aspx]
(the “Act”, P.A. 99-278), a student’s mental health information is considered
private in nature and will not be released to a third party without that
student’s prior written consent, unless otherwise provided by other state or
federal laws. A student who desires to authorize disclosure of certain private
mental health information about himself or herself to a designated person for
purposes set out in the Act must complete a Student Optional Disclosure of
Private Mental Health Information Form
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.aspx].

 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Dean of Students
(630) 942-2485
Email: deanofstudents@cod.edu [deanofstudents@cod.edu]


RESOURCES

 * Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.aspx]
 * Tobacco-Free
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/tobacco-free.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/dean-of-students/student-rights.pcf]