https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/faculty-development.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

photo of an open book on table
[/_resources/img/hero/tlc-faculty-dev-hero-image.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Campus
Departments [https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/]Employee Development
Center
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/]Faculty
Professional Development


FACULTY PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Employee Development
   [/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/employee-development.aspx]
 * Faculty Professional Development
   [/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/faculty-development.aspx]
 * Leadership
   [/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/leadership.aspx]
 * Onboarding and Orientation Programs
   [/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/orientation.aspx]
 * Service Excellence
   [/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/service-excellence.aspx]
 * Staff Development Days (SDD)
   [/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/staff-development-days.aspx]
 * Training
   [/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/training.aspx]


NEW! JANUARY 2020 IN-SERVICE VIDEOS

 * Day One Video
   [https://cod.yuja.com/V/PlayList?node=2861271&a=1297606321&autoplay=1]
 * Day Two Video
   [https://cod.yuja.com/V/PlayList?node=2861283&a=409674793&autoplay=1]


WHAT IS FACULTY PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT AT COLLEGE OF DUPAGE?

College of DuPage provides opportunities for Faculty to develop and deepen their
skills in learning-centered teaching strategies, outcomes-based practice,
scholarship of teaching and learning and creating communities of learners.
Faculty can reach out to the EDC or the Faculty Professional Development
Coordinator, Jennifer Kelley with questions or requests.


MISSION STATEMENT

In support of College of DuPage's mission to be a center for excellence in
teaching, learning, and cultural experiences, the Faculty Professional
Development Program is dedicated to providing programs and services that
cultivate a community of inquiry around teaching and learning; supporting
faculty throughout their careers as educators, scholars and professionals; and
foster interdisciplinary collaboration.


VISION STATEMENT

The Faculty Professional Development Program envisions a faculty that is engaged
in the art and science of teaching; reflective in its practice; dedicated to
creating an inclusive community of learners; and collaborative across
disciplines, departments and divisions.   


GOALS

The goals of COD Faculty Professional Development are to:

 * Develop and sustain collegial and academic development and discourse through
   the exchange of ideas about teaching and learning.
 * Provide training and consultation services in pedagogy, instructional
   technologies, and other related practices that support teaching and learning
   excellence.
 * Foster teaching excellence and student success through inquiry, innovation
   and interdisciplinary collaboration.
 * Collaborate with partners across campus to support teaching and learning
   initiatives.


THEMES

Faculty Professional Development supports COD faculty members in continual
learning around the following five themes:

 * Learner-Centered Teaching - Faculty Professional Development will encourage
   COD faculty to adopt diverse teaching and learning strategies that promote
   both acquisition and application of knowledge and understanding.
 * Community of Learners - Faculty Professional Development will encourage the
   design of learning opportunities that acknowledge, draw upon and are enriched
   by student diversity.  Faculty Professional Development will foster the
   development of learning environments that create an atmosphere of diversity
   and inclusion, respect and understanding.
 * Inquiry-Based Practice - Faculty Professional Development will facilitate the
   development and sharing of teaching strategies and assessment tools that
   align student learning with program outcomes.
 * Professional Commitment - Faculty Professional Development will encourage COD
   faculty to stay current in their discipline through activities such as
   attending professional conferences, participating in research, and sharing
   disciplinary insights with the college community.
 * Reflective Practice - Faculty Professional Development will encourage COD
   faculty to continuously examine their teaching effectiveness with respect to
   student learning.  Faculty Professional Development will provide
   opportunities to keep current in the scholarship of teaching and learning in
   all modes of delivery.

2018-2019 Faculty Development Strategic Plan 
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RThgkWsUZX-wYlgo86DVj2eVb4d4hpz5vEsG75lSkJ4/edit]

  


CONTACT INFORMATION

Employee Development Center
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 1105/1107
(630) 942-3805
Email: edc@cod.edu [edc@cod.edu]





 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/campus-departments/employee-development-center/faculty-development.pcf]