https://www.cod.edu/registration/career-consortium.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

career consortium image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-src-south-entry-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Registration Services
[https://www.cod.edu/registration/]CAREER consortium


CAREER CONSORTIUM

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Planning and myACCESS Assistance
   [/registration/myaccess-student-planning.aspx]
 * Registration Information [/registration/registration-information.aspx]
 * Appeals Information [/registration/appeals-information.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Registration Forms [/registration/forms/index.aspx]
   * Audit Enrollment Change Request
     [/registration/forms/audit-enrollment-change.aspx]
   * Cooperative Agreement Request
     [/registration/forms/cooperative-agreement.aspx]
   * Dual Credit Roster Change Request
     [/registration/forms/dual-credit-roster-change-request.aspx]
   * Late Withdrawal Appeal [/registration/forms/late-withdrawl-appeal.aspx]
   * Medical Appeal [/registration/forms/medical-appeal.aspx]
   * Permit to Register [/registration/forms/permit-to-register.aspx]
   * Tuition Appeal [/registration/forms/tuition-appeal.aspx]
 * Newly Added Courses [/aspcod/updatedclass/course_sections.asp]
 * Permit Information [/registration/permit-registration.aspx]
 * District 502 Residency [/registration/district-502-residency.aspx]
 * CAREER consortium [/registration/career-consortium.aspx]

College of DuPage is a member of the Comprehensive Agreement Regarding the
Expansion of Educational Resources (CAREER), an agreement that provides expanded
educational services with 38 other community colleges in Illinois.

Members of the CAREER consortium offer in-district tuition rates for select
career and technical programs. Under the agreement, out-of-district students can
enroll in an applied science program at College of DuPage that may not be
available through their area community college.

The colleges listed below are members of the CAREER consortium:

 * Black Hawk College
 * Carl Sandburg College
 * City Colleges of Chicago
 * College of DuPage
 * College of Lake County
 * Danville Community College
 * Elgin Community College
 * Heartland Community College
 * Highland Community College
 * Illinois Eastern Community College
 * Illinois Central College
 * Illinois Valley Community College
 * John A. Logan College
 * John Wood Community College
 * Joliet Junior College
 * Kankakee Community College
 * Kaskaskia College
 * Kishwaukee College
 * Lake Land College
 * Lewis and Clark Community College
 * Lincoln Land Community College
 * McHenry County College
 * Moraine Valley Community College
 * Morton College
 * Oakton Community College
 * Parkland College
 * Prairie State College
 * Rend Lake College
 * Richland Community College
 * Rock Valley College
 * Sauk Valley Community College
 * Shawnee Community College
 * South Suburban College
 * Southeastern Community College
 * Southwestern Illinois College
 * Spoon River College
 * Triton College
 * Waubonsee Community College
 * William Rainey Harper College


INCOMING COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS

Individuals who want to enroll in an Associate in Applied Science degree or
certificate program not offered by their own community college may apply for a
cooperative agreement. Students must apply through their own community college
at least 30 days prior to the beginning of the term for which they intend to
enroll at College of DuPage. Cooperative agreements are available for community
colleges within the State of Illinois. Most community college districts do not
approve cooperative agreements for single courses, developmental courses or
non-credit courses.


OUTGOING COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS

Students residing in District 502 who wish to enroll in an approved program of
study not offered by the College of DuPage, may be eligible for a cooperative
agreement to attend another community college in Illinois that offers that
curriculum. A student approved for a cooperative agreement will be entitled to
that college's in-district tuition rates. (Board Policy 25-50). Applications for
cooperative agreements must be filed 30 calendar days prior to the start of
term. Single courses, developmental courses, non-credit courses, and Associate
in Arts or Associate in Science degrees do not qualify for cooperative
agreements. For information on applying for a cooperative agreement, contact the
Office of Student Registration Services, Student Services Center, (SSC) 2221 or
call (630) 942-2377.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Registration Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2221
Phone: (630) 942-2377
Email: registration@cod.edu [registration@cod.edu]

Regular Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Student Help Desk: (630) 942-2999

Individuals who need language assistance, call Campus Central at (630) 942-3000
or email campuscentral@cod.edu [campuscentral@cod.edu].

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/registration/career-consortium.pcf]