https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student with teacher looking at artwork in hallway
[/_resources/img/hero/graphic-design-mac-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Graphic Design Program


GRAPHIC DESIGN PROGRAM

The Graphic Design, Advertising, Web and Illustration program serves high school
graduates, professionals seeking to make career change or adding to their job
skills and those who are seeking personal enrichment by developing their
artistic talents.

Graphic Design coursework [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/grdsn/] includes
study in graphic design, illustration, typography, web design and advertising.
Students will learn the latest in design and illustration using high-end Apple
computers, illustration software and color printers.

The goal of the Graphic Design program is to help you develop skills necessary
to build a portfolio
[/academics/programs/graphic-design/graphic-design-portfolios.aspx] that
demonstrates your creative, problem-solving and verbal presentation abilities
for the professional fields of graphic design, advertising and illustration.


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

Graduates of the Graphic Design or Interactive Media degree or certificate
programs find work in advertising agencies, design studios, in-house corporate
design/promotion departments or as freelancers, handling a variety of creative
projects and campaigns.

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

Prepare for a career in graphic design or transfer to a four-year college or
university. College of DuPage offers:

 * Award-winning, dedicated instructors
   [/academics/programs/graphic-design/contact.aspx] with years of professional
   and teaching experience. 
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities, equipment and resources.
 * Affordable programs to help students achieve success without creating
   overwhelming debt or draining a savings account.
 * Small class sizes that ensure students receive personalized attention from
   instructors.
 * Program accreditation from the National Association of Schools of Art and
   Design (NASAD).
 * A flexible transfer program that includes 2+2 articulation agreements
   [https://cod.edu/academics/transfer/programs/graphic-design.aspx] with
   Columbia College in Chicago, Northern Illinois University (NIU), Milwaukee
   Institute of Art and Design (MIAD).
 * Opportunity to develop a professional portfolio
   [/academics/programs/graphic-design/graphic-design-portfolios.aspx] that you
   can use to seek entrance to a four-year college or university or art school
   or for professional employment in a creative field.
 * An active American Institute of Graphic Arts (AIGA) student club that extends
   students' involvement with design through creative collaborations and student
   gallery shows.

Degrees


GRAPHIC DESIGN

The Graphic Design Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/graphic-design-aas/#text]
program emphasizes portfolio development through the study of principles and
elements of design, typography and illustration, identity design, advertising
design, web design and simulated studio work. Students gain experience in the
use of traditional and digital design tools and software. 


INTERACTIVE MEDIA

The Interactive Media Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/interactive-media-aas/]
degree provides students with interdisciplinary, theoretical and application
knowledge in the design, development and production of interactive media,
including web-based and other emerging media, to create interactive design
solutions for a variety media such as websites, digital interfaces and
applications.

Certificates


GRAPHIC DESIGN FOUNDATION

The Graphic Design Foundation certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/graphic-design-foundation-certificate/]
provides a foundation in the principles and elements of design, typography,
drawing and illustration, using traditional and digital design tools and
software.


WEB DESIGN

The Web Design certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/web-design-certificate/]
provides a foundation in design, principles of interactivity and the use of
web-authoring software.


COD STORIES

Sophia Ricciardi [/about/stories/students/images/sophia-ricciardi.jpg]

"I feel myself getting one step closer to achieving my dreams every day. Graphic
design wasn’t my passion until I began in the program, and now I dream in
graphic design!" - Sophia Ricciardi

Sophia's COD Story [/about/stories/students/ricciardi.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jacqueline King-Tran [/about/stories/students/images/jacqueline-king-tran.jpg]

"COD prepared me for my future by providing professors with working knowledge of
the industry and real-life experience through projects with actual clients.” -
Jacqueline King-Tran

Jacqueline's COD Story [/about/stories/students/king-tran.aspx]


COD STORIES

Mark Guido [/about/stories/students/images/mark_guido.jpg]

"At COD, I learned that everything you design should have a story behind it. The
vibrant colors of the logo I designed represent diversity, which embodies what
Peaks for Purpose is all about.” - Mark Guido

Mark's COD Story [/about/stories/students/guido.aspx]


COD STORIES

Pete Surges [/about/stories/students/images/pete_surges.jpg]

"COD gave new meaning to my life and what I stand for as a person and a student.
The teachers in the program helped me set goals and pushed me to meet them.” -
Pete Surges

Pete's COD Story [/about/stories/students/surges.aspx]


COD STORIES

Dianne Hlinsky [/about/stories/students/images/dianne_hlinsky.jpg]

"At COD, I felt connected to a campus for the first time. I felt like I belonged
at COD. I found a true family here.” - Dianne Hlinsky

Dianne's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hlinsky.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in Graphic Design is to apply for admission
[https://admissions.cod.edu/].

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Graphic Design Foundation, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/graphic-design-foundation-certificate/]
 * Graphic Design, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/graphic-design-aas/]
 * Interactive Media, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/interactive-media-aas/]
 * Web Design, Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/graphic-design/web-design-certificate/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Graphic Design Program graduates will:

 * Recognize and implement design elements and principles in the development of
   design solutions
 * Create and develop design concepts
 * Recognize the importance of meeting needs of both client and audience when
   developing design solutions
 * Combine and organize type and image successfully through the application of
   design principles
 * Review and analyze finished designs through group critique
 * Assembling a professional portfolio for transfer or work




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several graphic design transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/graphic-design.aspx] in place with four-year
colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the transfer process
easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


GRAPHIC DESIGN STUDENTS DEVELOP AND DESIGN A BOARD GAME

Graphic design instructor working with students
[/_resources/img/video/graphic-design-teacher-students.jpg]https://www.youtube.com/embed/jpNKJTWod9Q?rel=0

Hear how graphic design students worked with Gray Matters Games to develop and
design the game Word Wipeout. Word Wipeout is sold at 600 Barnes and Noble
bookstores nationwide.


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 

bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Graphic Design Program
[/academics/programs/graphic-design/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/graphic-design/current-students.aspx]



 

Graphic Design Department WebsiteLearn More [https://cod.edu/design/]

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/graphic-design/index.pcf]