https://www.cod.edu/costs/scholarships/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

scholarships image
[/_resources/img/hero/single-scholarship-female-library-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Scholarships


SCHOLARSHIPS

Scholarships give students the opportunity to complete their education without
having to incur student loan debt. Scholarship eligibility varies as do the
amount of each scholarship. Scholarships can be based on academic achievement,
financial need, field of study and population.

Students are strongly encouraged to apply for scholarships through College of
DuPage or outside resources. The more scholarships and grants you receive, the
less loan money you may need to borrow to pay for your college experience.


FEATURED COLLEGE OF DUPAGE SCHOLARSHIPS

The College offers scholarships based on program, financial need or academic
achievement. Browse more scholarship opportunities and apply now.
[https://cod.academicworks.com/]

College of DuPage Foundation Scholarships

Foundation Scholarships focus on academic achievement, program or major or
financial need.

Scholarships are awarded based on stated criteria and reviewer evaluation. All
reviewers are required to abide by COD's core values of integrity, honesty,
respect, and responsibility.

 * Fall Semester Scholarship applications accepted Jan. 15 through March 31.
 * Spring Semester Scholarship applications accepted Sept 1 through Nov. 1.

Scholars Award Program

The Scholars Award Program [/costs/scholarships/scholars_awards.aspx] is College
of DuPage's premier merit-based scholarship program for 2022-2023 high school
graduates.

A limited number of scholarships are awarded each year, so applicants should try
to highlight why they stand out on their Scholars Award application.

JumpStart Scholarship

The JumpStart Scholarship provides students that have completed a GED
preparation course at College of DuPage and successfully earned their high
school equivalency with a jump start into their college experience.

English Language Acquisition (ELA) students who have completed ELA-0956 and/or
ELA-0958 at College of DuPage and passed the state mandated exit test are also
eligible to apply for the JumpStart Scholarship.

Students must live in District 502 and must use the scholarship within 12 months
of initial eligibility. Complete the scholarship application
[/costs/financial_aid/pdf/jump_start.pdf] to apply. Students are only eligible
to receive this scholarship once.

Transfer Scholarships

Students who have completed their studies at College of DuPage may be eligible
for an honors transfer scholarship
[/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/scholarships.aspx] to Aurora
University, Elmhurst University, Millikin University or North Central College.


EXTERNAL SCHOLARSHIPS

Various organizations, businesses and private individuals offer external
scholarships. External scholarship opportunities are not managed by College of
DuPage. Scholarship eligibility is determined by their criteria. To find
external scholarship opportunities, students can visit the following websites: 

 * U.S. Department of Labor - CareerOne Stop
   [https://www.careeronestop.org/toolkit/training/find-scholarships.aspx] 

 * Illinois Student Assistance Commission
   [https://www.isac.org/students/during-college/types-of-financial-aid/illinois-and-federal-financial-aid-programs.html]
 * FastWeb [https://www.fastweb.com/]


COD STORIES

Xuechao Zhang [/about/stories/students/images/xuechao_zhang.jpg]

"I wouldn’t have been able to continue as a full-time student without the COD
Succeeds Scholarship. COD gave me a future." - Xuechao Zhang

Xuechao's COD Story [/about/stories/students/zhang.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ageu Nunes [/about/stories/students/images/ageu_nunes.jpg]

"I was out of school for six years after graduating high school, so I know how
hard it is to step back onto a college campus. But just consider all those who
don’t have that opportunity. Take advantage of it!" - Ageu "J.R." Nunes

J.R.'s COD Story [/about/stories/students/nunes.aspx]


COD STORIES

Clare Buchholz [/about/stories/students/images/clare_buchholz.jpg]

"The scholarship donors helped me in something that I believe is much more
meaningful, which is realizing how blessed and fortunate I am. Best of all, COD
allowed me go after my dream." - Clare Buchholz

Clare's COD Story [/about/stories/students/buchholz_clare.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kotryna Staputyte [/about/stories/students/images/kotryna-staputyte.jpg]

"I was surrounded by like-minded students who challenged me and motivated me to
do my best. High quality professors also motivated me to chase after my goals
through hard work, dedication and, of course, an enjoyment in what I do." -
Kotryna Staputyte

Kotryna's COD Story [/about/stories/students/staputyte.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jake Slinkman [/about/stories/students/images/jake_slinkman.jpg]

"My professors really impacted my life, and I know I am better because of the
influence they had on me." - Jake Slinkman

Jake's COD Story [/about/stories/students/slinkman.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Financial Assistance
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2220
(630) 942-2251
Email: financialaid@cod.edu [financialaid@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-2151

Regular Hours

 * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.instagram.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Facebook logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.facebook.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Twitter logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@CODFinancialAid [https://www.twitter.com/CODFinancialAid]

Browse Scholarship OpportunitiesApply Now [https://cod.academicworks.com/]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/scholarships/index.pcf]