https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drugfree.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

drug-free environment image
[/_resources/img/hero/library-smiling-females-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Administration
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/]Consumer Information
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/]Drug-Free
Environment


DRUG-FREE ENVIRONMENT

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Administrative Procedures Manual
   [https://inside.cod.edu/employees/Documents/AdministrativeProceduresManual.pdf#search=procedures]
 * College Policies [/about/board_of_trustees/pdf-docs/board_policies.pdf]
 * Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program Biennial Review
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drug_alcohol_review.aspx]
 * Drug-Free Environment
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drugfree.aspx]
 * Equal Employment and Affirmative Action Policy
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/equal.aspx]
 * Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/ferpa.aspx]
 * Freedom of Information (FOIA)
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/index.aspx]
   * Public Records Information
     [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/information.aspx]
   * FOIA Request
     [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/request.aspx]
 * Net Price Calculator
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/net_price_calculator/index.aspx]
 * Student Right-To-Know
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/know.aspx]
 * Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.aspx]
 * Tobacco Free
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/tobacco-free.aspx]

It is the policy of College of DuPage to provide a drug and alcohol free
environment and work place as defined by the Drug Free Workplace Act of 1988 and
the Safe and Drug Free Schools and Communities Act of 1994. College of DuPage
shall review its compliance on a biennial basis to determine its effectiveness
and to ensure that the standards of conduct and judicial sanctions have been
consistently enforced. This review shall be documented in a report.

College of DuPage prohibits the unlawful possession, use, distribution,
dispensing and manufacture of illicit drugs and alcohol by students and
employees on its property or as part of any College activity.

Students who violate this policy will be governed by the College's Code of
Student Conduct and subject to disciplinary action up to and including
suspension, expulsion and referral for prosecution. A judicial sanction for
violating this policy may include the completion of an appropriate
rehabilitation program. Employees who violate this policy will be subject to
disciplinary action in accordance with their appropriate employee group
regulations up to and including suspension, termination of employment and
referral for prosecution.

Students, employees and visitors are subject to local, state and federal laws.
Criminal penalties for such violations may include assigned community service,
fines and imprisonment. In addition, property used in connection with illegal
drugs may be confiscated, federal student loans, grants and contracts may be
denied, and driving privileges may be revoked. Penalties for violations will
apply.

Drug Free Schools and Campuses Notification
[/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/pdf/drugfreepolicystudents.pdf]


PROGRAMS FOR STUDENTS REQUIRING ASSISTANCE

Any College of DuPage student who has a drug or alcohol related problem may call
upon the College for assistance. Anyone needing help should contact the Student
Mental Health Counselor in the Dean of Students Office. The counseling faculty
can provide a confidential referral to a drug or alcohol treatment program.


HEALTH RISKS

The use of drugs and alcohol can have a substantial and detrimental effect on
health. These effects are often permanent and can lead to severe physical and
psychological impairment, disability and premature death. Information on the
effects of drugs and alcohol is available the Office of Student Life,
Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services and the College of DuPage Police. 


LEGAL SANCTIONS

Use of illicit drugs by any person is illegal under both the state and federal
statutes. Use of alcohol by persons under 21 years of age is illegal under state
law. Penalties for conviction under state and federal law include incarceration
and fines. Property used in connection with illegal drugs may be confiscated.
Federal student loans and grants may be denied to those convicted for a
violation of a criminal drug statute.


ALCOHOL

College of DuPage members owe it to themselves and others to make educated
decisions about their use or distribution of alcohol.  The State of Illinois
prohibits the sale, use or possession of all forms of alcoholic beverages by
persons less than 21 years of age. Students are responsible for adhering to the
Code of Student Conduct and Drug-Free School policy. 


HEALTH PROMOTION AND WELLNESS

College of DuPage expects students to uphold the law when it comes to the
purchase and consumption of alcohol.  This institution also seeks to educate
students about making safe, responsible decisions when it comes to substance
use.  The Student Mental Health Counselors are the point of contact for outreach
and initiatives pertaining to responsible substance use.  Students who are found
responsible for violating College of DuPage’s Code of Student Conduct policy may
be mandated to meet with a Student Mental Health Counselor and participate in
interventions.  Students who have concerns about their alcohol use (or someone
else’s) may contact the Student Mental Health Counselors at any time and will
not get into trouble for seeking help or information.  Student Mental Health
Counselors can be reached at (630) 942-2259.

Students should be prepared to seek help when a peer may be experiencing a drug
overdose or alcohol poisoning by calling the College Police at (630) 942-2000
(Glen Ellyn campus) or call 911( at all COD Centers).   Students are expected to
take action in such situations and not be a passive bystander.  Here are the
symptoms of alcohol poisoning, and remember that not all symptoms need to be
present for alcohol poisoning to occur:

 * Person is unconscious and cannot be roused;
 * Person is in a stupor or exhibits confusion;
 * Person is vomiting (prop unconscious persons on their sides so that they
   won’t choke on their own vomit);
 * Skin is pale, has a blue tinge, and/or skin is unusually cold to the touch;
 * Abnormally slow breathing (less than 8 breaths per minute) and/or irregular
   breathing (a gap of more than 10 seconds between breaths);
 * Seizures.
   
   

Drug overdoses can vary depending on the drug consumed, but here is a general
list of symptoms that indicate help is needed.  Remember that not all symptoms
need be present for an overdose to occur:

 * Abnormal pupil size;
 * Agitation, aggressive, and/or violent behavior;
 * Convulsions;
 * Delusional or paranoid behavior;
 * Difficulty breathing;
 * Drowsiness;
 * Hallucinations;
 * Nausea and vomiting;
 * Nonreactive pupils (pupils that do not change size when exposed to light);
 * Staggering or unsteady gait;
 * Sweating or extremely dry, hot skin;
 * Tremors;
 * Unconsciousness or death.
    

Additionally, the following regulations govern alcohol use by students and
student organizations:

 1. All casual possession or consumption of alcohol by students in on campus is
    prohibited regardless of age.
 2. Consumption of alcohol which results in behavior that infringes on the
    rights of others in the community is prohibited.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drugfree.pcf]