https://www.cod.edu/about/shared-governance/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

shared governance council image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-bic-flowers-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Shared
Governance Council


SHARED GOVERNANCE COUNCIL

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Shared Governance Council Accomplishments
   [/about/shared-governance/accomplishments.aspx]
 * Shared Governance Council Request Form [/about/shared-governance/form.aspx]
 * Shared Governance Council Guidelines
   [/about/shared-governance/guidelines.aspx]

The practice of shared governance involves conversations about policies,
procedures, and issues of values, culture, management, as well as operating
frameworks, such as legislation, which are externally imposed, with an
opportunity to present alternatives to such matters.

The College believes shared governance is essential to the health and growth of
an academic institution and embraces it as an important and effective way to
ensure decisions made reflect the perspectives, expertise, and best interests of
its stakeholders, including students, all employee groups, and citizens by way
of the Board of Trustees.

Each constituency group at College of DuPage is invited to participate on the
Shared Governance Council and engage in discourse with the ultimate task of
ensuring collaboration on institutionally important topics. Collectively, Shared
Governance Council makes a recommendation in support or opposition of actions to
be taken by the decision-making entities at College of DuPage.

Shared Governance Council will serve an advisory role to those who make
decisions at the College and as a repository for campus-wide committees as a
means to prevent redundancy among work completed and actions taken at the
College.

 * Current Shared Governance Guidelines
   [/about/shared-governance/guidelines.aspx] 


FUNCTIONS OF SHARED GOVERNANCE COUNCIL

 * Act as a clearinghouse for institutional issues while fully exploring them
   from both a professional skills perspective and as the liaison of
   constituency groups;
 * Prepare a formal recommendation to the President to influence
   decision-making;
 * Receive feedback regarding action taken based on recommendations, or in
   contradiction of recommendations;
 * Act as a repository of committee work that affects the institution’s
   direction;
 * Produce an annual outcomes report proving the need for shared governance
   within the decision-making process;
 * Visualization of Shared Governance Council
   [/about/shared-governance/pdf/shared-governance-vsualization.pdf]


CURRENT COUNCIL MEMBERS

 * Administrators: Jennifer Cumpston
   [cumpstonj@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry], Walter Johnson
   [johnsonw1169@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry] (Cabinet
   Representative)
 * Full-time Faculty: David Goldberg
   [goldberg@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry], Elizabeth
   Arnott-Hill [arnott-hille@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry]
 * Adjunct Faculty: Cheryl Baunbach-Caplan
   [baunbach@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry], Michael Dusik
   [dusikm@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry]
 * Managerial Staff: Debbie Henderson
   [henderso@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry], Maren McKellin
   [mckellin@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry]
 * Classified Staff: Courtney Hatcher
   [hatcherc@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20Inquiry], Shannon Hernandez
   [hernan@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20Inquiry](Recorder), Trisha
   Sowatzke [sowatz@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry](Chair)
 * Police Department: Derek Jensen
   [jensend@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20Inquiry] (Vice Chair)
 * Operating Engineers: Herbert Haushahn
   [haushj@cod.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry]
 * Student Leadership Council: President Ayesha Shafiuddin
   [shafiuddina@dupage.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry], Vice
   President Carlos Munoz
   [munozc239@dupage.edu?subject=Shared%20Governance%20inquiry]


PROCESS FOR REVIEW

Employees with ideas or issues to discuss should submit the Review Form
[/about/shared-governance/form.aspx] to their Shared Governance Council
member(s). More specific information can be found in the Shared Governance
Council Guidelines and Structure [/about/shared-governance/guidelines.aspx].

If an item doesn’t meet the following criteria, contact your Shared Governance
Council representative(s) for assistance in determining the best alternative
course of action to satisfy the issue. Additionally, here is a listing of
various departments [/about/contact.aspx] on campus that may be able to assist.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/shared-governance/index.pcf]