https://www.cod.edu/admission/international/resources.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

resources and links image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-students-src-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Admissions
[https://www.cod.edu/admission/]International Students
[https://www.cod.edu/admission/international/]Resources and Links


RESOURCES AND LINKS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Admission Requirements
   [/admission/international/admissions-requirements.aspx]
 * Estimated Expenses [/admission/international/expenses.aspx]
 * English Proficiency [/admission/international/english_proficiency.aspx] 
 * Resources [/admission/international/resources.aspx]


INTERNATIONAL ADMISSION FORMS

 * Affidavit of Financial Support [/admission/international/pdf/affidavit.pdf]
 * Dependent's Estimated Expenses
   [/admission/international/pdf/dependents-expenses.pdf]
 * Verification Form  [/admission/international/pdf/verification-form.pdf]


DRIVERS LICENSES

It is possible to obtain a temporary Illinois drivers license without a social
security number. The International Student Office can provide assistance once
you arrive on campus and attended orientation.


HOUSING

As with most community colleges, College of DuPage does not provide on-campus
housing or dormitory facilities for students. Learn more about housing options
in the area. [/student_life/resources/housing/index.aspx]


INSURANCE

All F-1 international students are required to purchase the College of DuPage
International Health Insurance Plan [http://www.lewermark.com/cod/] each
semester. Students are automatically enrolled in the plan at the time of
registration.


SCHOLARSHIPS

There are no financial aid or scholarship opportunities available for F-1
international students at College of DuPage. International students are expected
to pay the full cost of tuition.


SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS

Social security numbers are only issued to F-1 students who have obtained an
offer of employment. The social security office does not see it necessary for
F-1 students to obtain the social security number for any other reason other
than for employment.


TRANSPORTATION

It is important to take into consideration that there is limited public
transportation. Local bus service 714 and
[https://www.pacebus.com/route/714] 715 [https://www.pacebus.com/route/715] are
available to the campus from the Wheaton Metra
[https://metrarail.com/maps-schedules]train station, Glen Ellyn Metra
[https://metrarail.com/maps-schedules]train stain and Naperville Metra
[https://metrarail.com/maps-schedules]train station. Learn more about public
transportation.
[/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/public-transportation.aspx]


USEFUL WEBSITES FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS

 * Study in the States [https://studyinthestates.dhs.gov/students] - Learn about
   the process and rules for studying in the United States as an international
   student.
 * EducationUSA [https://educationusa.state.gov/] - is a U.S. Department of
   State network of over 430 international student advising centers in 178
   countries and territories.
 * U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
   [http://www.uscis.gov/portal/site/uscis] (USCIS) - Learn more about the U.S.
   immigration system and its benefits. 
 * SEVIS I-901 Fee [https://www.fmjfee.com/] - Pay your SEVIS Fee before
   applying for your F-1 visa. 
 * U.S. State Department [https://travel.state.gov/content/travel.html] - Learn
   about obtaining a U.S. visa and find an embassy or consulate near you.  
 * Visa Wait Time
   [https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/visa-information-resources/wait-times.html] -
   Review the current wait time for a visa interview in your country.
 * U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 
   [https://www.ice.gov/sevis/students/]- Learn how to navigate the U.S.
   immigration system.
 * NAFSA: Association of International Educators
   [https://www.nafsa.org/about/about-international-education/students] - Find
   resources for international students.
 * Washington D.C. Foreign Embassy Community [http://www.embassy.org/] - Find
   your country's embassy in the U.S.
 * Campus Police [/about/police_department/index.aspx] - Learn about safety on
   COD's campus.


CAMPUS LIFE

International Hallway at COD
[/admission/international/images/international-hall.jpg]

Over 50 world flags hang in the hallway of the Student Resource Center at
College of DuPage. Each flag represents an international student who currently
attends COD.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Gabi Carr
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2225
(630) 942-2979
Email: intladm@cod.edu [intladm@cod.edu]

Regular Hours
Monday to Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Saturday and Sunday: Closed
Evening appointments are available upon request.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/admission/international/resources.pcf]