https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

CCI students photo [/_resources/img/hero/cci-banner.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]International Student Services
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/]Community
College Initiative (CCI) Program


COMMUNITY COLLEGE INITIATIVE (CCI) PROGRAM

The Community College Initiative (CCI)
[https://exchanges.state.gov/non-us/program/community-college-initiative-program]
Program is a U.S. Department of State-sponsored program that provides
participants from underserved areas and underrepresented groups with a one-year,
non-degree academic program at a U.S. community college. The program is designed
to build participants’ technical skills in applied fields, enhance their
leadership capabilities, and strengthen their English language proficiency. The
program also provides opportunities for professional internships, service
learning, and cultural exchange through community engagement activities.

CCI participants contribute to their host communities by helping U.S. community
colleges internationalize their campuses. After completing the program,
participants return home with a deeper understanding of U.S. culture and new
skills to help them contribute to the economic growth and development of their
countries.


2023/2024 COLLEGE OF DUPAGE CCI COHORT

 * Rubaba Aburuya, Ghana
 * Bakhtiyor Alovuddinov, Tajikistan
 * Dielleza Berisha, Kosovo
 * Julia Cassitas, Brazil
 * Nuray Fatalizade, Azerbaijan
 * Jose Garcia Montoya, Colombia
 * Murat Karabulak, Turkey
 * Zhumagul Kulbaeva, Kyrgyzstan
 * Masuda Moutushi, Bangladesh
 * Rrita Mulaj, Kosovo
 * Emmanuel N'guessan, Cote d'Ivoire
 * Sude Ozturk, Turkey
 * Ade Pontoh, Indonesia
 * Ahmad Rumangu, Indonesia
 * Samira Sabataeva, Kyrgyzstan
 * Zafar Sadiev, Tajikistan
 * Ilknur Seydamirova, Azerbaijan


PROGRAM HISTORY



Since the establishment of the CCI Program in 2007, 75 community colleges have
hosted over 3,000 participants from 21 countries. College of DuPage became a
member of the Community College Consortium in 2012. The college welcomed its
first CCI cohort for the 2012/2013 academic year with Sue Kerby as the program
coordinator. From 2013 through 2017, Nicole Plumtree headed the CCI Program at
COD. Since the fall of 2017, Kayla Chepyator has taken on the role of program
coordinator.


PREVIOUS COLLEGE OF DUPAGE CCI COHORTS

2022/2023 College of DuPage CCI Cohort
 * Ganjala Abbasova, Azerbaijan
 * Nursen Askarbekov, Kyrgyzstan
 * Said Muhammad Asoev, Tajikistan
 * Jahongir Azizov, Tajikistan
 * Adem Bislimi, Kosovo
 * Shabnam Duzenji, Azerbaijan
 * Orkhan Gayibov, Azerbaijan
 * Vlad Hirchuk, Ukraine
 * Hoji Hojievm, Tajikistan
 * Sahobakhon Juraeva, Tajikistan
 * Albinota Krasniqi, Kosovo
 * Mariia Kukshyna, Ukraine
 * Florentina Lipovica, Kosovo
 * Ismail Malikov, Azerbaijan
 * Grese Sermaxhaj, Kosovo
 * Anat Sharipov, Kazakhstan
 * Sezim Soodanbekova, Kyrgyzstan
 * Vlera Zymeri, Kosovo

2020/2021 CCI Cohort
 * Mounika Behara, India
 * Santi Edo, Indonesia
 * Mathe "Stephanie" Gnango, Cote d'Ivoire
 * Mariama Karim, Ghana
 * Emmanuel Ntefuni, Ghana
 * Maria Nuhu, Ghana
 * Santiago Ortiz Franco, Colombia
 * Muhammad Putra, Indonesia
 * Alejandro Ramirez Moncada, Colombia
 * Mahdi Saragih, Indonesia
 * Mmaphefo Seseni, South Africa
 * Bonisiwe Sithole, South Africa
 * Joao Sousa Caetano, Brazil
 * Mulanga Thovhakale, South Africa

2019/2020 CCI Cohort
View webpage for 2019/2020 Cohort
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/2019-2020-cohort.aspx]
2018/2019 CCI Cohort
 * Rehab Abdelkhalek, Egypt
 * Nathaniel Ahao, Kenya
 * Khadija Ali, Egypt
 * Muhamad Mirza Annas, Indonesia
 * Dahlia, Indonesia
 * Jose Duran Del Rosario, Dominican Republic
 * Ugur Gecer, Turkey
 * Lebohang Khanye, South Africa
 * Denny Villalobos Martinez, Colombia
 * Reneilwe Matlala, South Africa
 * Rusli Puni, Indonesia
 * Naledi Selemela, South Africa
 * Hery Siahaan, Indonesia
 * Ohee Tahrim, Bangladesh
 * Evelyn Yankson, Ghana
 * Lou Esther Zamble, Ivory Coast

2017/2018 CCI Cohort
 * Muhammad Alfathsya, Indonesia
 * Mahesh Anand, India
 * Cynthia Awini, Ghana
 * Burak Efe, Turkey
 * Pedro Umana Garzon, Colombia
 * Syed Kazmi, Pakistan
 * Mohammad Shahbaaz Khan, India
 * Samuel Lopez Chavez, Dominican Republic
 * Mmabatho Moshoeshoe, South Africa
 * Immanuel Njabulo Nzima, South Africa
 * Kowsalya Rajkumar, India
 * Origanus Ramfate, South Africa
 * Rabia Sertlek, Turkey
 * Sadia Tarique, Pakistan
 * Sri Artha Togatorop, Indonesia
 * Muhammad Waqar, Pakistan

2016/2017 CCI Cohort
 * Asma Abdul Majeeth, India
 * Lucky Abiemo, Ghana
 * Danar Handoko, Indonesia
 * Erniatun Hartini, Indonesia
 * Moegamat Ismail, South Africa
 * Saima Karim, Pakistan
 * Maria Clara Leal de Alencar, Brazil
 * Sameh Mostafa Mahmoud Salama, Egypt
 * Bongiwe Nkomo, South Africa
 * Mohammed Abdulla Noman, Bangladesh
 * Komal Parvez, Pakistan
 * Akash Prasad, India
 * Andolf Rincon Castillo, Dominican Republic
 * Ballerina Ntsoane, South Africa
 * Elcin Sancakli, Turkey
 * Aziza Yasmeen, Pakistan

Older CCI Cohorts


2015/2016

 * Edem Agbosu, Ghana
 * Maria Harir, Pakistan
 * Eugenia Aryee, Ghana
 * Nerilene Pereira, Brazil
 * Amina Kazungu, Kenya
 * Eslam Mohamed, Egypt
 * David Seduane, South Africa
 * Umer Aslam, Pakistan
 * Sanjoy Mondal, India
 * Artur Borges, Brazil
 * Salman Qazi, Pakistan
 * Christopher Manamela, South Africa
 * Syed Hossain, Bangladesh
 * Wazir Ahmad, Pakistan


2014/2015

 * Zahida Parveen, Pakistan
 * Jamila Halidu, Ghana
 * Ruth Dayme, Indonesia
 * Ahmed Teleba, Egypt
 * Ahsan Javaid, Pakistan
 * Gore Goli Bi, Ivory Coast
 * Walberto Aguilar Asprilla, Colombia
 * Liza Yulizar, Indonesia
 * Priskilla Samanta, Indonesia
 * Ntwanano Mabasa, South Africa
 * Adriana Bolivar Romero, Colombia
 * Marwa Abdelmegid, Egypt
 * Sunder Ramchandani, Pakistan
 * Anas Mohammed, Ghana
 * Marlon Kambuaya, Indonesia
 * Luis Diaz Mesa, Colombia


2013/2014

 * Harpreet Sekhon, India
 * Aldonna Purba, Indonesia
 * Fatima Ali, Pakistan
 * Elsie Maniagasi, Indonesia
 * Mpho Mokonyane, South Africa
 * Najma Parveen, Pakistan
 * Vijaya Chandrasekar, India
 * Tabrez Khan, India
 * Karim Shaarafeldin, Egypt
 * Nourdine Ouattara, Ivory Coast
 * Thabiso Manala, South Africa
 * Theophilus Asiedu, Ghana
 * Yusuf Diker, Turkey
 * Gauthaman Odavil Prasad, India
 * Brian Carolissen, South Africa


2012/2013

 * Vincentia Adjetey, Ghana
 * Rashida Amin, India
 * Tshediso Berries, South Africa
 * Pablo Rocha Bezerra, Brazil
 * Vishwa Dewan, India
 * Luciana Furtado, Brazil
 * Sarwar Hussein, Pakistan
 * Youssef Ismail, Egypt
 * Imran Muhammad, Pakistan
 * Shahab Muhammad, Pakistan
 * Felix Tomfeah, Ghana
 * Lisa Wijayani, Indonesia

Previous CCI Program Highlights
 * College of DuPage CCI Student Linda Otieno and the Bishima Kids Foundation
   [https://blogs.nvcc.edu/cci/2020/05/12/how-a-cci-participant-in-illinois-is-serving-hundreds-of-youth-in-kenya/]
 * College of DuPage CCI student Julie Bawn, featured in the 2020 Maker Market
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeDDRM7--Jw]
 * 2017-2018 College of DuPage CCI student Shahbaaz Khan, Co-Founder of Manzil
   Mystics in India [http://www.manzilmystics.org/]

The CCI Program is administered by Northern Virginia Community College in
cooperation with the Community College Consortium, of which College of DuPage is
partner institution. To learn more, visit nvcc.edu/ccip
[http://www.nvcc.edu/ccip]. 

 Flag of the United States of America
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/images/usa-flag.jpg]Seal
of the Department of State of the United States of America
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/images/dos-seal.jpg]Education
Community Understanding
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/images/ccc-logo.jpg]Northern
Virgina Community College
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/images/nova.jpg]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Kayla Chepyator
CCI Program Coordinator
College of DuPage
Phone (630) 942-2564
FAX (630) 942-2323


RESOURCES

 * ECA Website [https://eca.state.gov/]
 * Northern Virginia Community College [https://www.nvcc.edu/ccip/]


COD STORIES

Sang Rem Mawi "Julie" Bawm [/about/stories/students/images/julie_bawm.jpg]

“The CCI Program has many fields of study options. I found the business field
suitable for me because my goal was to become an entrepreneur in the clothing
and textile business sector." - Sang Rem Mawi "Julie" Bawm

Julie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/bawm.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ahsan Javaid [/about/stories/students/images/ahsan_javaid.jpg]

“Do not stop pursuing your education. Earning an education is the best
opportunity to prove that a cancer patient can do anything. Make your own
dreams, convert them into definite goals and then behave and think as if you’ve
already achieved them.” - Ahsan Javaid

Ahsan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/javaid.aspx]


COD STORIES

Anas Nanjo Mohammed [/about/stories/students/images/anas_mohammed.jpg]

“The U.S. truly answered my prayers. I’ve learned about self-responsibility and
giving back to society. I feel satisfied when I’m able to help someone and I
want to continue doing so." - Anas Nanjo Mohammed

Anas' COD Story [/about/stories/students/mohammed_anas.aspx]


COD STORIES

Asma Parveen Abdul Majeeth
[/about/stories/students/images/asma_parveen_abdul_majeeth.jpg]

“The main goal of COD’s program is to prepare students to face the real-time
workplace. The labs are set up with equipment that is being used in the
day-to-day professional world." - Asma Parveen Abdul Majeeth

Asma's COD Story [/about/stories/students/majeeth.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/community-college-initiative/index.pcf]