https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/ferpa.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

ferpa image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-students-statue-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Administration
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/]Consumer Information
[https://www.cod.edu/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/]


FAMILY EDUCATION RIGHTS AND PRIVACY ACT

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Administrative Procedures Manual
   [https://inside.cod.edu/employees/Documents/AdministrativeProceduresManual.pdf#search=procedures]
 * College Policies [/about/board_of_trustees/pdf-docs/board_policies.pdf]
 * Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program Biennial Review
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drug_alcohol_review.aspx]
 * Drug-Free Environment
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/drugfree.aspx]
 * Equal Employment and Affirmative Action Policy
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/equal.aspx]
 * Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/ferpa.aspx]
 * Freedom of Information (FOIA)
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/index.aspx]
   * Public Records Information
     [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/information.aspx]
   * FOIA Request
     [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/foia/request.aspx]
 * Net Price Calculator
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/net_price_calculator/index.aspx]
 * Student Right-To-Know
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/know.aspx]
 * Student Optional Disclosure of Private Mental Health Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/mental_health.aspx]
 * Tobacco Free
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/tobacco-free.aspx]

The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
[https://www2.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/fpco/ferpa/] (FERPA) of 1974, as amended,
sets forth requirements designed to protect the privacy of student education
records. FERPA governs the release of education records and the access to
education records.

FERPA affords eligible students certain rights with respect to their education
records. An “eligible student” under FERPA is a student who is 18 years of age
or older or who attends a postsecondary institution.


FERPA RIGHTS

 1. The right to inspect and review the student’s education records within 45
    days after the day the College of DuPage Office of Student Records receives
    a request for access.
    * A student should submit to the Office of Student Records
      [/records/index.aspx] a written request that identifies the record(s) the
      student wishes to inspect. The College will make arrangements for access
      and notify the student of the time and place where the records may be
      inspected.
      
      
 2. The right to request the amendment of the student’s education records that
    the student believes are inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise in violation
    of the student’s privacy rights under FERPA.
    * A student who wishes to ask College of DuPage to amend a record should
      write to the Office of Student Records, clearly identify the part of the
      record they want changes, and specify why it is inaccurate or misleading.
    * If College of DuPage decides not to amend the record as requested, the
      College will notify the student in writing of the decision and advise the
      student of his or her right to a hearing regarding the request for
      amendment. Additional information regarding the hearing procedures will be
      provided to the student when notified of the right to a hearing.
      
      
 3. The right to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information
    or PII (not “Directory Information") contained in the student’s education
    records, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes disclosure without
    consent.
    * One exception which permits disclosure without consent is disclosure to
      school officials with legitimate educational interests. A school official
      is a person employed by the College in an administrative, supervisory,
      academic or research, or support staff position (including law enforcement
      until personnel and health staff); a person serving on the board of
      trustees; or a student serving on an official committee, such as a
      disciplinary grievance committee.
    * A school official may also include a volunteer or contractor outside of
      College of DuPage who performs an institutional service or function for
      which the school would otherwise use its own employees and who is under
      the direct control of the school with respect to the use and maintenance
      of PII from education records, such as an attorney, auditor or collection
      agent or a student assisting another school official in performing his or
      her tasks.
    * A school official has a legitimate educational interest if the official
      needs to review an education record in order to fulfill his or her
      professional responsibilities for College of DuPage.
      
      
 4. The right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education
    concerning alleged failures by College of DuPage to comply with the
    requirements of FERPA.
    
    Family Policy Compliance Office
    U.S. Department of Education
    400 Maryland Avenue, SW
    Washington, DC 20202-4605


NOTICE OF PUBLIC STUDENT INFORMATION


DISCLOSURE OF DIRECTORY INFORMATION

The items listed below are designated as “Directory Information” and may be
released for any purpose at the discretion of the College. Under provisions of
FERPA, you have the right to withhold the disclosure of the “Directory
Information” listed below.

Please consider very carefully the consequences of any decision by you to
withhold “Directory Information.” Should you decide to inform the College not to
release any “Directory Information,” any future requests for such information
from non-College persons or organizations will be refused.

The College will honor your request to withhold “Directory Information” listed
below, but cannot assume responsibility to contact you for subsequent permission
to release it. Regardless of the effect upon you, the College assumes no
liability for honoring your instructions that such information be withheld.

Directory Information consists of the following:

 * Name, community, college-issued email address, previous education
   institution(s) attended;
 * Major field of study, enrollment status, terms and dates of attendance;
 * Awards, honors and degrees earned, past and present participation in
   officially recognized sports and activities, height and weight of student
   athletes.

If you wish to withhold this information, complete the “Student Request to
Prevent Disclosure of Directory Information” form (known as a FERPA Block)
available in the Office of Student Records, SRC 2150. If the form is not
received, it is assumed that the above information may be disclosed.


WAIVER OF RIGHTS

Students may elect to waive their rights under FERPA and allow the release of
personally identifying information (PII) to a designated person for a specified
period of time. This FERPA waiver does not grant permission to your designee to
conduct transactions on your behalf, such as ordering a transcript or
registering for classes. It allows the College to share information and answer
questions related to your education record including but not limited to your
class schedule, billing information, final course grades, last date of
attendance. This FERPA waiver grants permission to your instructors to discuss
your education record with your designee, however it does not compel an
instructor to do so.


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Learn more about certain rights available to students through FERPA. 

Who is protected under FERPA?
Current or formerly enrolled students (including continuing education students)
are protected under FERPA. Students who have applied but have not attended are
not protected.
What are education records under FERPA?

Education records are defined as records that are:

 * Directly related to the student, and
 * Maintained by the college or a party acting for the college.

Education records are not:

 * Sole possession records (possessed by the maker only)
 * Law enforcement records
 * Employment records (unless contingent on attendance)
 * Medical records
 * Post-attendance records

What information cannot be disclosed?

Information that would directly identify the student or make the student’s
identity easily traceable is considered non-directory and cannot be disclosed
without the student’s written consent:

 * Name of the student in combination with any of the following items
 * Student’s parents or other family member
 * Student or family address
 * Student’s Social Security number, COD ID number or other identifying number
 * Student’s schedule
 * List of personal characteristics (such as gender, race, ethnicity or
   religion)
 * Grading or attendance information
 * Other information that could make the student’s identity easily traceable
 * Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act and College of DuPage Board Policy
   20-15

What information can be disclosed?

Information that is available to the public and can be disclosed without a
student’s written consent is considered directory information.

 * Student’s name
 * College-issued email address
 * Student’s community
 * Major field of study
 * Participation in officially recognized activities and sports
 * Weight and height of members of athletic teams
 * Terms attended
 * Enrollment Status (e.g. full or part time)
 * Degrees and awards received
 * Last educational institution attended by the student

Note: Students may request that directory information be withheld by contacting
the Office of Student Records (SRC 2150) and completing proper documentation.

Can non-directory information be disclosed?
 * To anyone if the college has obtained prior written consent of the student
 * School officials whom the college has determined have a legitimate
   educational interest
 * Other categories designated by FERPA (list available in the Office of Student
   Records)

Who is a school official?
 * Employees in the position of an administrator, faculty or staff member
 * Member of the Board of Trustees
 * Company employed by or under contract with the college to perform a special
   task
 * Student serving on an official committee or assisting another college
   employee in performing his or her tasks

What is a legitimate education interest?

The demonstrated need to know by those college employees who act in the
student’s educational interest.

What about communicating with students via electronic modes?

College employees who communicate with a student about the student’s education
record through electronic modes, such as phone, fax and the student’s personal
email, must be certain that the person with whom they are communicating is the
student.

 * College of DuPage Board Policy 20-15

Is the course management system secure?

Because students must sign on with their COD ID and password, information is
secure. Faculty can be assured that when communicating with students using this
system, they are in compliance with FERPA.

Can grades be posted using Social Security numbers?

Grades cannot be posted using the whole Social Security number, the last four
digits of the Social Security number, or any part of the Social Security number.

How can privacy violations be avoided?

To avoid violations of FERPA, employees should not:

 * Communicate electronically (fax, phone, email) about non-directory
   information unless certain that the communication is with the student
 * Link the name of a student with that student’s Social Security number in a
   public manner
 * Require that students share their phone numbers or email addresses with other
   students 
 * Leave graded tests in a stack for students to pick up by sorting through the
   papers of all students
 * Circulate a printed class list with students’ names, addresses, or Social
   Security numbers without written consent 
 * Discuss the progress of any student with anyone other than the student
   (including parents or spouse) without written consent of the student
 * Provide anyone with lists of students enrolled in a class (or classes) for
   any commercial purposes
 * Provide anyone (except the student) with student schedules or assist anyone
   other than college employees in finding a student on campus 
 * Leave student information visible to others who might walk into your office
   or pass by your desk
 * Use personally identifiable information for educational research purposes
   without getting the proper college authorization

The penalty for noncompliance with federal regulations can be withdrawal of
Department of Education funds from the college.


FOR MORE INFORMATION

To request a FERPA Waiver or for information on how to block your non-directory
information, contact the Office of Student Records at FERPA@cod.edu
[FERPA@cod.edu]. 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/ferpa.pcf]