https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/health-sciences/policies.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

nursing student checking blood pressure
[/_resources/img/hero/nursing-blood-pressure.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Divisions [https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/]Nursing and Health Sciences
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/health-sciences/]Policies and
Procedures


POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Faculty [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/faculty.aspx]
 * Nursing and Health Sciences Division Feedback
   [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/feedback.aspx]
 * Policies and Procedures [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/policies.aspx]

All health career students must agree to follow the policies and procedures
outlined below.


PROGRAM INFORMATION DISCLAIMER

This information is published for that purpose only; however, the information in
the admission/registration packet is not to be regarded as an irrevocable
contract between the student and the Program. The Program reserves the right to
change, at any time, without notice, graduation requirements, fees and other
charges, curriculum, course structure and content, and other such matters as may
be within its control, notwithstanding any information set forth in this Program
information packet in accordance with College of DuPage policies and procedures.


NURSING AND HEALTH SCIENCE DIVISION POLICY FOR PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT

Students are responsible for adhering to the Policy for Professional Conduct
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/policy_professional_conduct.pdf].


STATEMENT ON TRANSPORTATION

Students are responsible for finding their own transportation to and from the
College of DuPage and the clinical site (if applicable). Student should expect
to drive within a 50 mile radius of the college to their clinical site.


ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/ TECHNICAL STANDARDS FOR ACCEPTANCE

Refer to the Essential Functions listed in the Health Requirement Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/healthrequirements.pdf] for a full list.


PROHIBITION OF DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT

The College is committed to providing a safe, tolerant, and inclusive
educational and employment environment. Please see College of DuPage Policy
Manual Section 3.10 – Prohibition of Discrimination and Harassment
[/about/board_of_trustees/pdf-docs/board_policies.pdf] for complete details.


STUDENT DIVERSITY

Visit the Center for Student Diversity, Equity and Inclusion website
[/student_life/resources/csdi/index.aspx] for additional information.


STUDENT EMAIL POLICY

College of DuPage sends all official communications to students through their
official COD email (dupage.edu). Students have the option to forward these
communications to a personal email account. Please view the student email policy
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email-policy.aspx] for
complete details.


STATEMENT OF HEALTH

(not applicable to the Clinical Laboratory Science, Long-Term Care
Administration, Operating Room Patient Care Technician & Physician Office Coding
& Billing programs)

Please see the health requirement packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/healthrequirements.pdf] for details.
Students must follow the program admission/registration packet for specific
instructions regarding health requirements. All health requirements are
completed at the student’s expense. If students do not submit the necessary
paperwork, do not obtain the required examinations and vaccinations, and/or are
unable to obtain clearance to participate in all the program’s clinical
activities, without restrictions and/or precautions, they may be considered
ineligible for the program and can be withdrawn from the program courses in
which they are registered.


STATEMENT ON DRUG TESTING/CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK

(not applicable to the Clinical Laboratory Science, Long-Term Care
Administration, Operating Room Patient Care Technician & Physician Office Coding
& Billing programs)

A drug test and criminal background check are required prior to starting a
clinical rotation. Several clinical affiliates may also require finger printing.
The costs of these requirements are the responsibility of the student. Students
must follow the program admission/registration packet for specific instructions.


MANDATORY DRUG TESTING: POLICY AND PROCEDURES

(not applicable to the Clinical Laboratory Science, Long-Term Care
Administration, Operating Room Patient Care Technician & Physician Office Coding
& Billing programs)

Drug testing (performed at the student’s expense) will precede clinical
experience in all cases, and will be required prior to admission in some
programs. Positive results on a drug screen or misrepresentation regarding drug
use will lead to immediate dismissal from, or non-admittance to the particular
program(s). When a student is dismissed from or not admitted to a program for a
positive drug screen, he/she may reapply to the same program or to any other
College of DuPage health programs after one year has elapsed. Please review the
Policy for Professional Conduct
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/policy_professional_conduct.pdf] for more
information and details.

If your drug test results in a negative dilute, you will be required to re-take
the drug test (performed at the student’s expense). If a student wishes to
dispute the results of a positive drug test, only the original specimen will be
re-tested (performed at the student’s expense).


CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK INFORMATION

(not applicable to the Clinical Laboratory Science, Long-Term Care
Administration, Operating Room Patient Care Technician & Physician Office Coding
& Billing programs)

All students are required to undergo a criminal background check in order to
participate in the programs clinical rotations. A student with a positive
background check containing disqualifying conditions as defined by Federal and
State law will not be allowed to enter the clinical portion of the program. A
student with a positive background check containing disqualifying conditions as
defined by Illinois State Law (225ILCS46/25
[http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/ilcs/ilcs3.asp?ActID=1303&ChapAct=225%C2%A0ILCS%C2%A046/&ChapterID=24&ChapterName=PROFESSIONS%20AND%20OCCUPATIONS&ActName=Health%20Care%20Worker%20Background%20Check%20Act.])
and 77 Ill Adm. Code 955 Section 955.160
[http://ilga.gov/commission/jcar/admincode/077/077009550001600R.html] will not
be allowed to enter the clinical portion of this program, thus preventing the
student from obtaining mandated certification and/or licensure.

NOTE: You may have been convicted and not sent to jail. People are often fined
or given probation or conditional discharge rather than jail time, but these are
still considered convictions. If you are unsure as to whether an arrest resulted
in a conviction, contact the county in which you were arrested and speak to a
representative in the Circuit Clerk’s office, State’s Attorney’s office or your
attorney.


STATEMENT ON MEDICAL CARE AND HEALTH INSURANCE

(not applicable to the Clinical Laboratory Science, Long-Term Care
Administration, Operating Room Patient Care Technician & Physician Office Coding
& Billing programs)

Students are responsible for their own medical care and health insurance while
in the program. Students must possess comprehensive health care insurance in
order to train at the clinical affiliate. The student is responsible for any
costs that may be incurred related to personal injuries he/she may acquire while
performing activities at the clinical affiliate. The affiliating clinical
facility and/or College of DuPage cannot be held liable for such injuries. Visit
the Student Health Insurance [/student_life/resources/student-insurance.aspx]
website for additional details. Students are required to provide evidence of
current health insurance coverage. Please follow specific guidelines as
instructed for submitting proof of insurance.


STATEMENT ON MEDICAL MALPRACTICE INSURANCE

(not applicable to the Clinical Laboratory Science, Long-Term Care
Administration, Operating Room Patient Care Technician & Physician Office Coding
& Billing programs)

Malpractice insurance is required and is included in the clinical education
tuition costs on an annual basis. That is, the cost of the insurance is included
with the tuition costs. Students must be officially registered and listed on the
instructor's class roster to be covered by the malpractice insurance.


CITIZENSHIP/VISA STATUS

If you are not a U.S. citizen or a permanent resident of the U.S., and if you
have any questions or concerns regarding your eligibility to participate in
health sciences programs, contact the International Student Office
[/student_life/resources/intl-student-services/index.aspx], SSC 2225, (630)
942-3328, email: intlstdt@cod.edu [intlstdt@cod.edu]. For additional details
regarding Health Career residency, review the College of DuPage Residency
Verification Form [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/residency.pdf].

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/divisions/health-sciences/policies.pcf]