https://www.cod.edu/admission/veteran/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Three people in a meeting [/_resources/img/hero/veteran-admissions-hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Admissions [https://www.cod.edu/admission/]Veteran &
Military Students


VETERAN AND MILITARY STUDENTS

For over 50 years, College of DuPage has provided educational resources to
veterans, members of our armed forces and their families. Veterans Services is
committed to providing guidance about military education benefits and connecting
you to the student, academic and local community resources you need to be
successful.


USE YOUR EDUCATION BENEFITS AND ENROLL TODAY

Get Admitted
Submit the general admissions application [https://admissions.cod.edu/]. The $20
admission fee is waived for veterans. Ask about the promotion code to waive this
fee by calling (630) 942-2626 or emailing admissions@cod.edu
[admissions@cod.edu].
Apply for Military and Veteran Education Benefits


FEDERAL BENEFITS (CHAPTERS 33, 30, 31, 35 AND 1606)

 * Complete your application at vets.gov
   [https://www.vets.gov/education/apply/]. 


STATE BENEFITS

 * Apply for the Illinois Veterans Grant
   [http://www.isac.org/students/during-college/applying-for-financial-aid/applications/ivg_applying/index.html].
 * Apply for the Illinois National Guard Grant
   [http://www.isac.org/students/during-college/applying-for-financial-aid/applications/ing_applying/].
   You will need to reapply every academic year to continue your eligibility.
 * Apply for the MIA/POW scholarship.
   [https://www.isac.org/students/during-college/types-of-financial-aid/scholarships/mia-pow-scholarship.html]


OTHER EDUCATION BENEFITS (TA AND MYCAA)

 * Apply for benefits [/student_life/resources/veterans/veterans-benefits.aspx]

All students receiving military education benefits are required to maintain
satisfactory academic progress according to College of DuPage established
requirements. Familiarize yourself with the rules associated with the benefit
you are using.

Submit Your Certificate of Eligibility (COE)

Federal Benefits: Provide a copy of the Certificate of Eligibility (COE) for the
education benefit you wish to use. A COE should be submitted the first semester
at College of DuPage and upon request from the Office of Veterans Services
thereafter. The COE may be delivered to Veterans Services in-person or emailed
to veterans@cod.edu [veterans@cod.edu]. Please include your COD student ID
number in the message.

State Benefits: If you have been approved for the Illinois Veterans Grant (IVG),
 Illinois National Guard (ING) Grant or MIA/POW Scholarship, you may print the
letter of eligibility from the ISAC Student Portal
[https://studentportal.isac.org/web/guest/student/?p_p_id=Student_WAR_Studentportlet&_Student_WAR_Studentportlet__facesViewIdRender=%2Fviews%2FisacPrograms.xhtml]
(ISAC Student Portal Instructions
[/admission/veteran/pdf/isac-student-portal-instruction.pdf]). The letter of
eligibility may be delivered to Veterans Services in-person or emailed to
veterans@cod.edu [veterans@cod.edu]. Include your COD student ID number in the
message.

New Benefits: If you have recently applied for military education benefits, a
copy of the Application Confirmation and DD214 (with the Social Security Number
redacted) may be delivered to Veterans Services in-person or emailed to
veterans@cod.edu [veterans@cod.edu]. Include your COD student ID number in the
message. 

Complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)

Complete the FAFSA [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/index.aspx] to determine
your eligibility for additional aid. Completion of the FAFSA and subsequent
awarding of aid can help defray costs when your benefits don't meet your
expenses or when the VA is delayed in payments. College of DuPage's Title IV
school code is 006656.

Submit Prior Transcripts
The VA requires all prior credit to be evaluated. Official transcripts from all
previous colleges/universities attended and Military Transcripts
[/student_life/resources/veterans/military-transcripts.aspx] should be submitted
to the Office of Student Records [/records/transcript-evaluation.aspx].
Steps to Enrollment

Follow the Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx] to
complete the enrollment process.


MEET A STUDENT SUCCESS COUNSELOR

Meet with a Veterans-designated Student Success Counselor. A Veterans-Designated
Student Success Counselor can help you explore academic interests and develop an
educational plan, while assuring you meet the requirements of your military
education benefits. To schedule an appointment, contact Counseling and Advising
Services [/student_life/resources/counseling/academic-advising/index.aspx] (630)
942-2259.

Submit a Veteran Benefit Certification Request Form

This form is required each semester for all students utilizing military
education benefits. Veteran Benefit Certification Request Form is located at
inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu] under myACCESS > myACCESS for students >
Miscellaneous

 * Veteran Benefit Certification Request Form Steps
   [/admission/veteran/pdf/veterans-certification-request-steps.pdf]

Payment Information

The military education benefit type determines if you need to enroll in the
payment plan [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]. Please contact
Veterans Services [veterans@cod.edu?subject=] for more information.

Connect

Join us! The Student Veterans of America Association
[/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx] at COD provides an opportunity to
connect with other student veterans through monthly meetings and other
experiences. Contact burfields@cod.edu [burfields@cod.edu] for more information.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Veterans Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2225
(630) 942-3814
Email: veterans@cod.edu [veterans@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-4991

Begin Your Application



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]


APPLICATION FEE

New applicants are required to submit the $20 application fee. Students
qualifying for an application fee waiver should visit the Admissions Policies
page [/admission/admissions_policies.aspx] before applying.


RESOURCES

 * College of DuPage Veterans Services
   [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Veteran and Military Student Resources
   [/admission/veteran/veteran-resources.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/admission/veteran/index.pcf]