https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/volunteer.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

adult student and tutor studying
[/_resources/img/hero/inside-adult-education-library.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Continuing
Education [https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/]Adult Education
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/]Volunteer
Tutor Opportunities


VOLUNTEER TUTOR OPPORTUNITIES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Citizenship Courses
   [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/citizenship.aspx]
 * English Language Acquisition (ELA)
   [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/ela.aspx]
 * High School Equivalency (GED/HSE)
   [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/high-school-equivalency.aspx]
 * Integrated Career and Academic Preparation System (ICAPS)
   [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/icaps.aspx]
 * Volunteer Tutor Opportunities
   [/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/volunteer.aspx]

People Educating People (PEP) is the volunteer component of the Adult Education
and English Language Acquisition (ELA) department at College of DuPage. PEP
volunteers primarily assist instructors as classroom tutors both one-to-one and
in small groups with adult students.  The PEP program has been supporting adult
learners since 1982. Learn more about PEP below. 

What is PEP's mission?

To equip adult students with confidence and skills necessary for success in
daily life.

What types of volunteer opportunities do you offer?

PEP volunteers primarily assist instructors as classroom tutors. PEP tutors work
with adult students one-to-one and in groups (typically two to five students) in
the following classes: reading, writing and basic math for persons without a
high school diploma and beginning ELA. Some experienced PEP volunteers tutor
adults one-to-one, independent of a class.

Persons who prefer to volunteer on an occasional basis are also welcome. PEP
volunteers assist new students with the testing and registration process prior
to each semester. Skilled volunteers help with special activities such as
filing, mailings, word processing, data entry, video taping, writing a feature
story, publicity and event planning.

What are you looking for in a tutor?

Tutors must be friendly, enthusiastic, patient and encouraging. They show
respect, acceptance and tact. Their role demands flexibility, punctuality and
dependability. These volunteers must have a high school diploma or a
GED® certificate. A solid command of spoken and written English is required.
Bilingual skills are not required. A desire and aptitude for helping others
learn are essential for all PEP tutors.

Where are the classes held?

Classes meet at various sites in communities throughout DuPage County, including
Addison, Aurora, Bensenville, Bloomingdale, Carol Stream, Elmhurst, Glen Ellyn,
Glendale Heights, Naperville, West Chicago, and Westmont. Reading and/or math
classes meet at the main campus in Glen Ellyn. 

When do classes meet?

Classes meet two days per week for two or three hours. Most classes take place
Monday through Thursday in the morning or evening. A few classes meet on
weekends.

What time commitment is involved?

Tutors commit to one session per week for a minimum of one semester. Other
volunteers work as little as once per semester. PEP matches your interests and
availability with the program's current needs.

What training is necessary?

PEP requires that all volunteer classroom tutors complete a 12-hour training
series prior to working in the program. Training includes the following topics:
PEP orientation, the adult learner, cultural differences, learning/teaching
styles, instructional techniques, assessment, materials, resources and lesson
planning.

PEP occasionally waives training if the applicant provides current documentation
verifying the completion of an equivalent literacy volunteer training program
that satisfies PEP training requirements. Volunteers for whom training has been
waived will meet with the coordinator for an orientation to the program before
starting.

Volunteers assisting in non-tutoring capacities receive on-the-job training
unless special skills are needed.

What do volunteers say about their experiences?

"Rewarding, something to look forward to. A lot of fun, with two-way learning.
Awesome!"

"Seeing my students improve week to week is gratifying. Their appreciation and
hard work is positive feedback."

"These students are incredible! I'm grateful to have a small part in helping
these wonderful, determined, generous people."

"My experience was both gratifying and pleasurable."

"I'm happy with the decision I made to volunteer my time for this program. The
students are wonderful. Very rewarding."

How can I get more information?

Contact Nina Papanikolla (630) 942-3978 or papanikollan@cod.edu
[papanikollan@cod.edu]

Interested in teaching ELA classes for us? 
Visit Adult Education - ESL
[https://cod.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/4/home/requisition/945?c=cod] to learn
more and apply. 





CONTACT INFORMATION

Adult Education and ELA Office
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 1110
(630) 942-3697

Kristy Tomaszewski [tomaszewskik63@cod.edu?subject=]
Coordinator, Student Services
Email: tomaszewskik63@cod.edu [tomaszewskik63@cod.edu]

If you are attempting to register for a class, leave a message and Adult
Education staff will return your call as soon as possible. You can also reach us
by email at ela@cod.edu [ela@cod.edu] or hse@cod.edu [hse@cod.edu] at any time.



Application FormLearn More
[/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/pdf/application_pep.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/continuing-education/adult-education/volunteer.pcf]