https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/remote-access.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Female student studying
[/_resources/img/hero/hsc-student-studying-female-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Information Technology Services
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/]Accessing
Email and College Learning Tools Remotely


ACCESSING EMAIL AND COLLEGE LEARNING TOOLS REMOTELY

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Information Technology Services and Computer Lab Hours
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/hours.aspx]
 * Information Technology Services Security
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/index.aspx]
   * Intelligent Message Filtering
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
   * Phishing
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]
   * Safeguarding Standards
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]
 * Multifactor Authentication for Office 365
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/office-365.aspx]
 * Student Blackboard Resources
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/student-blackboard-resources.aspx]
 * Student Email Tips
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Benefits of Microsoft Office 365
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/benefits.aspx]
   * Student Email Policy
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email-policy.aspx]
   * Guide to Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email_guide.aspx]

Learning online is an adjustment that College of DuPage wants to make as simple
as possible for you. From accessing student email to Blackboard to knowing
what's available online at the Library, we've got you covered!

Email

Working remotely, it’s more important than ever that students use their
dupage.edu email. Outlook often organizes emails into two categories: Focused
and Other. Be sure to check both categories of emails so you are receiving the
latest news. Visit Student Email 
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email_guide.aspx]for more
information.

Microsoft Office 365

Microsoft Office 365 is available free to COD students. Read more about the
benefits of Microsoft Office 365
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/benefits.aspx].

Student Portal
Most COD online systems and services are available to you via the portal
(inside.cod.edu [https://inside.cod.edu/]), which you can access from any home
computer via your preferred web browser. You can also access the portal and many
other tools using the Chap App using a mobile device. The Chap App is free to
download and available for iOS or Android at the Google Play Store
[https://play.google.com/store?hl=en_US] or the Apple App Store
[https://www.apple.com/ios/app-store/].
Blackboard

Blackboard can be accessed through the portal or through the Blackboard App on
your mobile device. The Blackboard App is free to download and available at
the Google Play Store [https://play.google.com/store?hl=en_US] or the Apple App
Store [https://www.apple.com/ios/app-store/]. Use it to download content,
receive PUSH notifications when new items are added to your courses, and to join
a Collaborate Ultra session. Blackboard is also available via a mobile browser
on your mobile device at bb.cod.edu [https://bb.cod.edu/].

Laptops and Hotspots

Students can borrow a laptop and/or hotspot
[https://cod.libwizard.com/f/laptops] from the Library for an entire semester.
In addition, the Library loans a variety of equipment
[https://library.cod.edu/lab/equipment] including digital cameras, lighting and
audio that students can use for their multimedia projects.

Library Services

The College of DuPage Library [https://library.cod.edu/] is open to students,
employees, and the public. In-person and virtual hours of operation are posted
on the Library’s website [https://library.cod.edu/]. Most Library resources are
accessible to the entire college community in the Library on the Glen Ellyn
campus.

Many Library resources are also available online. Students and employees can
access databases and e-resources from anywhere using their COD network
credentials, and all users can find research guides, monitor their library
account, request interlibrary loan materials, chat [https://library.cod.edu/ask]
with a librarian online, and set up a virtual research appointment.

Students can borrow a laptop or hotspot [https://cod.libwizard.com/f/laptops]
from the Library for an entire semester and investigate all of the technology
[https://library.cod.edu/technology] available from the Library.

Zoom Backgrounds

COD Zoom background images
[/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/zoom-backgrounds.aspx] are
available for you to download and use in your Zoom meetings.

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/information_technology/remote-access.pcf]