https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/health-sciences/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

health science students in a lab
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-health-sciences-students-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Divisions [https://www.cod.edu/academics/divisions/]Nursing and Health Sciences


NURSING AND HEALTH SCIENCES DIVISION

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Faculty [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/faculty.aspx]
 * Nursing and Health Sciences Division Feedback
   [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/feedback.aspx]
 * Policies and Procedures [/academics/divisions/health-sciences/policies.aspx]

College of DuPage offers more than 30 health-related certificate and degree
areas of study. Most of the college's health programs require a separate
selective enrollment admission or registration process. 

Our graduates typically achieve a nearly 100 percent pass rate on applicable
board certification exams. They are ready, willing and very prepared to begin
their careers in the health care industry.

For current application or registration information visit Health Career Program
and Information Packets
[/admission/health_science/health_sciences_packets/index.aspx]page.  It is
strongly recommended that you attend the Program Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf] as a first step.

 * Central Sterile Processing Distribution Technician (CSPD)
   [/academics/programs/central-processing-distribution/index.aspx]
 * Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA) [/academics/programs/cna/index.aspx]
 * Clinical Laboratory Science (CLS)
   [/academics/programs/clinical-laboratory-science/index.aspx]
 * Computed Tomography (CT) [/academics/programs/computed-tomography/index.aspx]
 * Dental Hygiene [/academics/programs/dental/index.aspx]
 * Eye Care Assistant [/academics/programs/eye-care-assistant/index.aspx]
 * Health Care Office Assistant
   [/academics/programs/health-care-office/index.aspx]
 * Health Information Technology (HIT)
   [/academics/programs/health-information/index.aspx]
 * Hearing Instrument Dispensary (HID)
   [/academics/programs/hearing-instrument-dispensing/index.aspx]
 * Long-Term Care Administration
   [/academics/programs/long-term-care/index.aspx] 
 * Magnetic Resonance Imaging Technology (MRI)
   [/academics/programs/mri/index.aspx]
 * Mammography [/academics/programs/mammography/index.aspx]
 * Medical Assistant [/academics/programs/medical-assistant/index.aspx]
 * Medical Billing [/academics/programs/medical-billing/index.aspx]
 * Non-Invasive EKG [/academics/programs/ekg/index.aspx]
 * Nuclear Medicine (DMIN) [/academics/programs/nuclear-medicine/index.aspx]
 * Nursing (ADN) [/academics/programs/nursing/index.aspx]
 * Ophthalmic Technician [/academics/programs/ophthalmic-technician/index.aspx]
 * Patient Care Technician (PCT)
   [/academics/programs/operating_room_patient_care_technician/index.aspx]
 * Phlebotomy [/academics/programs/phlebotomy/index.aspx]
 * Physician Coding [/academics/programs/physician-coding/index.aspx]
 * Physical Therapist Assistant (PTA)
   [/academics/programs/physical-therapist/index.aspx]
 * Proton Therapy
   [/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/proton-therapy/index.aspx]
 * Radiation Therapy [/academics/programs/radiation-therapy/index.aspx]
 * Radiography (DMIR) [/academics/programs/radiography/index.aspx]
 * Respiratory Care [/academics/programs/respiratory-care/index.aspx]
 * Sonography (Ultrasound) (DMIS) [/academics/programs/sonography/index.aspx]
 * Speech Language Pathology Assistant (SLPA)
   [/academics/programs/slpa/index.aspx]
 * Surgical First Assistant [/academics/programs/surgical-assistant/index.aspx]
 * Surgical Technology [/academics/programs/surgical-tech/index.aspx]
 * Vascular Sonography [/academics/programs/sonography/index.aspx]


CAMPUS LOCATIONS

 * Health and Science Center
   [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx]


COD STORIES

Kim Armour [/about/stories/students/images/kim_armour.jpg]

“Life is waiting for you and as you look for the next journey of your life, walk
through the door. If you get on the other side and it’s not what you thought,
pause and ask yourself, ‘What did I learn?" - Kim Armour

Kim's COD Story [/about/stories/students/armour.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ernest Daunter [/about/stories/students/images/ernest_daunter.jpg]

“The hard work just isn’t that bad when you’re passionate about what you’re
doing. So many dreams go unrealized for one reason or another. COD helped to get
me on a track to realize my full potential.” - Ernest Daunter

Ernest's COD Story [/about/stories/students/daunter.aspx]


COD STORIES

Loradana Imrisek [/about/stories/students/images/loradana_imrisek.jpg]

“Come in with an open mindset, leave your past at the door and be prepared to
work hard. COD is a place of opportunity where you can find out where you
belong." - Loradana Imrisek

Loradana's COD Story [/about/stories/students/imrisek.aspx]


COD STORIES

Reid Nussbaum [/about/stories/students/images/reid_nussbaum.jpg]

“COD was very accommodating in helping me get the education I needed. The
program director even helped me get a clinical site that was closer to where I
lived so that I could get the experience necessary to succeed without having to
drive so far.” - Reid Nussbaum

Reid's COD Story [/about/stories/students/nussbaum.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CONTACT INFORMATION

Nursing and Health Sciences Division
[/academics/divisions/health-sciences/index.aspx]
(630) 942-8331

Explore Health Careers [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/vmsq/]





Read Engage Magazine [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/divisions/health-sciences/index.pcf]