https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/office-365.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student showing another student something on a computer
[/_resources/img/hero/laptop-females-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Resources
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/]Information Technology Services
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/resources/information_technology/]Multifactor
Authentication for Office 365


MULTIFACTOR AUTHENTICATION FOR OFFICE 365

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Information Technology Services and Computer Lab Hours
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/hours.aspx]
 * Information Technology Services Security
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/index.aspx]
   * Intelligent Message Filtering
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/intelligent-message-filtering.aspx]
   * Phishing
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/phishing.aspx]
   * Safeguarding Standards
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/security/safeguarding-standards.aspx]
 * Multifactor Authentication for Office 365
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/office-365.aspx]
 * Student Blackboard Resources
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/student-blackboard-resources.aspx]
 * Student Email Tips
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Benefits of Microsoft Office 365
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/benefits.aspx]
   * Student Email Policy
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email-policy.aspx]
   * Guide to Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/email_guide.aspx]

The College has seen a significant increase in cyber-attacks. Many of these
attacks are utilizing compromised student accounts to send “phishing” emails to
other students. To combat this threat, the College has implemented Multifactor
Authentication for all College-issued Office 365 accounts.


AUTHENTICATOR NUMBER MATCHING FOR MFA

Microsoft is now enforcing changes to increase the security of Multi-Factor
Authentication (MFA) push notifications. Learn More
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/mfa.aspx]


MULTIFACTOR AUTHENTICATION SETUP

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/pdf/multifactor-authentication-office-365.pdf].

You will be automatically prompted to set up Multifactor Authentication when you
sign into your student email account. After entering your student email address
and password, you will see a dialog box saying “Your organization needs more
information to keep your account secure.” Click on the Next button to continue.

You will then be prompted to select the form of Multifactor Authentication you
wish to use:

 * Select Authentication phone to authenticate using a code sent by text message
   or an automated phone call. This option allows you to authenticate using a
   mobile phone without the need to install an app.
 * Select Office phone to authenticate using an automated phone call. This
   allows you to authenticate using a non-mobile (i.e. landline) phone.
 * Select Mobile app to authenticate using an app on your mobile device. For
   students, this will be the Microsoft Authenticator app. For staff, it will be
   the DUO Secure mobile app.


AUTHENTICATION PHONE NUMBER SETUP

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/pdf/multifactor-authentication-office-365.pdf]. 

 * Select Authentication phone from the drop list.
 * Select United States (+1) from the Select your country or region drop list.
   You may need to change this setting if your cellular service has a foreign
   provider.
 * Enter your mobile number (including the area code) into the text field.
 * Select whether you wish to receive an authentication code via text message or
   an automated call.
 * Click Next to continue.
   * If you choose the text message option, you will be prompted to enter a
     one-time use code. This code will be sent to your mobile device via an
     SMS/text message. Enter  the code and click the Verify button to continue.
   * If you choose the call option, you will receive an automated phone call
     from the system. Please answer the call and follow the instructions
     provided to continue.
 * Once you have authenticated your login using either the text message or phone
   call options, follow the on-screen prompts to continue into your account.


OFFICE PHONE NUMBER SETUP

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/pdf/multifactor-authentication-office-365.pdf]. 

 * Select Office phone from the drop list.
 * Select United States (+1) from the Select your country or region drop list.
   You may need to change this setting if your cellular service has a foreign
   provider.
 * Enter your phone number (including the area code) into the text field.
 * Enter your phone extension (if needed) into the Extension
 * Click Next to continue. You will receive an automated phone call from the
   system. Please answer the call and follow the instructions provided to
   authenticate your login.
 * Once you have authenticated your login, follow the on-screen prompts to
   continue into your account.


MICROSOFT AUTHENTICATOR APPLICATION SETUP

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/pdf/multifactor-authentication-office-365.pdf]. 

 * Select Mobile app from the drop list.
 * Choose whether you wish to receive notifications for use a verification code.
 * Then click on the Set up button to view the instructions on how to install
   the Microsoft Authenticator app on your mobile device.
 * Once you have set up the Microsoft Authenticator app on your mobile device,
   click on the Next Button to continue.


MULTIFACTOR AUTHENTICATION SIGN-IN

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/pdf/multifactor-authentication-office-365.pdf]. 

Once you have set up multifactor authentication for your account, there will be
an additional step in the log in process. After entering your email address and
password, you will be prompted to authenticate using the method that you
selected previously.

Once you have provided your authentication, you will continue into your account
as usual.


ACCESSING/CHANGING YOUR MULTIFACTOR AUTHENTICATION SETTINGS

Follow the directions below or view detailed instructions
[/student_life/resources/information_technology/pdf/multifactor-authentication-office-365.pdf]. 

You can access your multifactor authentication settings by logging into your
account at myaccount.microsoft.com [https://myaccount.microsoft.com]. After
logging in, click on the Security info link to view your multifactor
authentication settings.

You can also access your multifactor authentication settings from other parts of
your account by clicking on your profile picture and selecting View account from
the menu.

Once you are on the Security info page you can view your authentication methods,
add additional authentication methods, or delete an existing authentication
method. Note that if you delete all of your authentication methods, you will be
prompted to create a new one the next time you log in. However, Office 365 will
limit the number of times you can do this.


ADDITIONAL HELP

Contact the Student Support Helpdesk at (630) 942-2999 or email
studenthelp@dupage.edu [studenthelp@dupage.edu] if you need additional
assistance regarding your account.

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/resources/information_technology/office-365.pcf]