https://www.cod.edu/about/shared-governance/guidelines.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

shared governance council guidelines image
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-general-campus-src-south-entry-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Shared
Governance Council [https://www.cod.edu/about/shared-governance/]Shared
Governance Council Guidelines


SHARED GOVERNANCE COUNCIL GUIDELINES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Shared Governance Council Accomplishments
   [/about/shared-governance/accomplishments.aspx]
 * Shared Governance Council Request Form [/about/shared-governance/form.aspx]
 * Shared Governance Council Guidelines
   [/about/shared-governance/guidelines.aspx]


STRUCTURE

Definition

Shared governance at College of DuPage is a communication and collaboration
process designed to ensure that institutionally important topics are broadly
approached by engaging the appropriate people from each employee group and the
student body. It provides opportunities to strategically plan, employ checks and
balances, and provide feedback in response to committee recommendations and/or
College decisions.

The College’s Shared Governance Council honors existing contractual agreements
and/or other agreements with employee groups. Recommendations made by Shared
Governance Council will take place within the context of all employee contracts
or guidebooks and shall not interfere with operating entities of the College in
the execution of assigned duties and responsibilities.

Shared Governance Council will serve an advisory role to those who make
decisions at the College. It will also serve as a repository for campus wide
committees as a means to prevent redundancy among work completed and actions
taken at the College.

College of DuPage affirms the collegial values upon which shared governance is
based and is dedicated to ensuring process integrity by:

 * Fostering the free and open expression of ideas and perspectives among all
   participants;
 * Discussing topics that are both all-encompassing with regard to all
   stakeholders and are integral to the function of decision-making at College
   of DuPage;
 * Maintaining a campus environment that actively engenders and emphasizes
   mutual trust, honesty, understanding and respect, even in the midst of
   disagreement;
 * Ensuring that the decision-making process is not hindered or held back by
   discussions;
 * Requiring collaboration among process participants so that final
   recommendations to the President have broad-based support based in a fully
   informed discourse.

Meetings and Communication


SCHEDULE

SGC shall meet every other week during the academic year (September to May) and
once per month or as needed during the summer (June, July, August).


MEETING QUORUM

Meetings require a quorum of physically present voting members, defined as 50%
or more of currently named voting members. Discussion of individual agenda items
may be postponed (in advance or during the meeting) at the discretion of the
Chair if key voting members and/or invited guests are not present.


COMMUNICATION

Communication remains at the center of the functionality of Shared Governance
Council, which serves as the voice of the constituents at College of DuPage, and
is in place to ensure that internal community members from all constituencies
have their concerns heard for the benefit of a collaborative work environment.
Members of the Council bring with them their own training and experiences to
represent their constituencies, with whom they maintain an active dialogue.

Communication tactics that vary by constituency are utilized to share the
message of Shared Governance Council’s role within the College, strive to
prevent internal communication lapses, and inform the College community about
policy and operations. Shared Governance Council serves as the bridge between
departments, allowing fulfillment of the College’s mission and a collaborative
culture.


WEBSITE

Shared Governance Council will maintain a webpage located on College of DuPage’s
external website to publicly share the philosophy of governance that has been
adopted by the College. Council members will be listed for ease of contact by
respective constituency members and additional links to departmental contacts
shall be included for those issues not involving Shared Governance Council.

Committees


FORMATION

Committees responsible for outcomes that affect the direction of the institution
inform Shared Governance Council of their new charter, determined objectives and
ongoing accomplishments. Ad hoc committees and/or task forces may be created as
Shared Governance Council deems necessary. Items for discussion can be brought
to Shared Governance Council by the College President or any constituency group
through the respective council member(s).


FUNCTIONS

 * Act as a clearinghouse for institutional issues while fully exploring them
   from both a professional skills perspective and as the liaison of
   constituency groups;
 * Prepare a formal recommendation to the President to influence
   decision-making;
 * Receive feedback regarding action taken based on recommendations, or in
   contradiction of recommendations;
 * Act as a repository of committee work that affects the institution’s
   direction;
 * Produce an annual outcomes report proving the need for shared governance
   within the decision-making process.


SUBCOMMITTEES

Shared Governance Council may form ad hoc committees and/or task forces to
analyze specific issues. Ad hoc committees are temporary and dissolve at the
discretion of Shared Governance Council. A task force maintains a focused
objective and may or may not remain long term.

Both ad hoc committees and task forces may include members who do not sit on
Shared Governance Council or other established committees. Rather, they may be
selected through constituency group protocols. The call for subcommittees from
Shared Governance Council should reflect the expertise needed for the
subcommittee in question. 

Membership and Constituency Information


MEMBERSHIP

Membership to Shared Governance Council will be comprised of student
representatives and selected individuals from each of the College’s employee
groups based on their own established processes.


CONSTITUENCY REPRESENTATION

 * Adjunct Faculty—two members from CODAA
 * Administrators—two members
 * Classified—two members from Classified Personnel Committee
 * Full-time Faculty—two members from CODFA
 * Grounds, Maintenance, Painters and Carpenters—one member from CSA-GMPC
 * Managerial—two members
 * Operating Engineers—one member
 * Police Department—one member from FOP
 * President or President’s designee
 * Students—two members from Student Leadership Council

Should any additional employee groups be defined, membership representation will
be added.


OFFICERS

The Chair and Vice Chair will be determined by the schedule the follows. If a
constituency group has two representatives on the Council, the constituency
group will determine which member will serve. In the event the Chair is unable
to fulfill the length of his/her term, the Council will elect a replacement for
the remainder of the term. The Chair will facilitate the meetings, including
agenda creation, collaborate with the Vice Chair to establish the agenda and
prepare the Vice Chair to serve as Chair. The Vice Chair will fill the role of
the Chair when the Chair is absent. Officers will serve one academic term per
role.


OFFICER SCHEDULE

 * Managerial Chair, Classified Vice Chair - Spring 2023
 * Classified Chair, FOP Vice Chair - Fall 2023
 * FOP Chair, CODAA Vice Chair - Spring 2024
 * CODAA Chair, Administrators Vice Chair - Fall 2024 
 * Administrators Chair, CODFA Vice Chair - Spring 2025 
 * CODFA Chair, Operating Engineers Vice Chair - Fall 2025 
 * Operating Engineers Vice Chair, CSA-GMPC Vice Chair - Spring 2026 
 * CSA-GMPC Chair, SLC Vice Chair - Fall 2026
 * SLC Chair, Managerial Vice Chair - Spring 2027

The schedule may be adjusted to accommodate times when a specific constituency
group does not have representation.


SUPPORT STAFF

A recording secretary will be provided by the College for Shared Governance
Council meetings to produce and distribute meeting agendas and supporting
documents (if the Chair so desires), notate meeting minutes, maintain the
external webpage, upload files to the internal team site, and maintain records
of Shared Governance Council files and accomplishments.


PROCESS OF REVIEW

Origination

Items to be considered through Shared Governance Council can originate from
constituency group members, current work of established committees, the
President and/or in conjunction with the College planning processes.

Requests for Shared Governance Council review should go through constituency
representatives using the Shared Governance Council Review Form.

All representatives should discuss the issue with their constituent and help
determine if it falls within the scope of Shared Governance Council’s role. If
they feel it meets the criteria listed below, then the representative will send
the request to the Chair to be included on the following meeting’s agenda. If
the issue does not meet the criteria, the Shared Governance Council Member
should assist the constituent in getting answers in other appropriate ways.

Criteria
 * No contractual issues
 * No single constituency group issue
 * No duplication of process
 * No individual personnel issues
 * Clearinghouse roundtable to determine if item brought forth is questionable

Agenda Creation

Shared Governance Council will determine by consensus if an item is appropriate
for consideration. Items deemed not appropriate will be referred to the proper
operational unit or individual for consideration. Factors to be considered
include:

 * Cross-function/institutional implications;
 * Policy/procedure implications;
 * Funding implications;
 * Significant student, employee or community impact.

Recommendation

Following education and discourse regarding an item of concern presented to
Shared Governance Council, and if a meeting quorum exists, the Council shall
vote to make a recommendation or not, affirmed by 2/3 of those voting. Votes
made by Shared Governance Council Members are for recommendation purposes only
and not meant as a decision-making action. Recommendations that are endorsed by
Shared Governance Council are forwarded to the President by the Chair for
consideration and action.

Proxy Process

Proxy designation is permitted, for voting purposes, if a meeting quorum exists.
It is not necessary for proxy designations to remain within the same
constituency group. Each voting member may only hold one proxy designation at a
time. Proxy designation must be submitted in writing to the Chair prior to the
start of the meeting.

Follow-Up

Upon receipt of the recommendation, action is taken by the President in one of
three ways:

 * Recommendation affirmed;
 * Recommendation returned to Shared Governance Council for further study; 
 * Recommendation not affirmed.

Should a recommendation be returned for further study or is not affirmed, the
basis for the decision will be provided.

Affirmed recommendations are forwarded by the President to appropriate College
personnel for implementation and outcomes will be published through Shared
Governance Council webpage, or similar medium, for communication. 

Issue Closure

All items presented to Shared Governance Council that reach recommendation
status are closed for further review for a period of one year following a
recommendation one way or another.

One Voice
All communication from Shared Governance Council shall be represented
collectively by the Chair or, if need be, by the Vice Chair acting as the Chair.

 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/shared-governance/guidelines.pcf]