https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

general eligibility requirements image
[/_resources/img/hero/library-study-group-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Costs, Scholarships & Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]Financial Aid
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/]Steps to Apply
[https://www.cod.edu/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/]General Eligibility
Requirements


GENERAL ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Attendance and Financial Aid'
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/attendance-and-financial-aid.aspx]
 * Contact Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/contact.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Dates
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-dates.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Forms
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/index.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Policies [/costs/financial_aid/policies/index.aspx]
   * Eligible Degree and Certificate Programs
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
   * Return of Title IV Aid
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/return-of-title-iv-aid.aspx]
   * Rights and Responsibilities
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/rights-responsibilities.aspx]
   * Satisfactory Academic Progress
     [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Terms
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-aid-terms.aspx]
 * Financial Aid Verification
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/fafsa-verification.aspx]
 * General Eligibility Requirements
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.aspx]
 * Understanding Your Offer Letter
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/offer-letter.aspx]
 * Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]

When a student applies for and receives financial assistance – whether it is
grants, loans, work study, there are requirements that the student needs to
meet.

Prior to applying for financial assistance, students must meet basic eligibility
requirements and then maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress to remain eligible
for financial assistance.


BASIC ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS

Students must meet the following basic eligibility requirements when applying
for and receiving federal and state financial assistance:

 1. Must have a valid High School diploma (this can be from a foreign high
    school if it is equivalent to a U.S. High School Diploma), OR, a recognized
    equivalent of a High School Diploma, such as a General Education Development
    or GED certificate, OR, the High School Equivalency Test or HiSET, OR the
    Test Assessing Secondary Completion or TSAC, OR has completed Home Schooling
    at the secondary level as defined by state law.
 2. Must be a U.S. Citizen or eligible non-citizen. NOTE: Students who fall
    under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) or are undocumented
    can file the Alternative Application for Illinois Financial Aid
    [https://www.isac.org/students/before-college/financial-aid-planning/retention-of-illinois-rise-act/],
    as well as apply for scholarships.
 3. Must be enrolled as a regular student in an eligible degree or certificate
    program [/costs/financial_aid/policies/eligible-programs.aspx]
 4. Must not be in default on any prior federal student loans
 5. Must not have an overpayment of federal financial aid funds
 6. Must agree to use any federal student aid only for education purposes
 7. Must be enrolled and academically engaged in each of your classes for the
    entire length of the class.
 8. Must Maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress


SATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS

College of DuPage will evaluate the Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) of all
financial aid applicants, whether or not they previously received Federal/State
Financial Assistance, upon receipt by the College of their initial FAFSA
information, and subsequently, at the conclusion of the grading period each
semester. The College will determine a student's cumulative grade point average
(GPA); cumulative completion rate (total credits completed divided by total
credits attempted); and the student's total credits attempted to date, including
transfer credits.

Federal regulations require that Satisfactory Academic Progress be applied to a
student's academic performance regardless of whether or not financial assistance
has previously been received. When applying these standards, the student's full
academic record at College of DuPage and any credit hours transferred to the
College are taken into consideration.

Students who fail to demonstrate satisfactory academic progress toward the
completion of their education (i.e., not attending classes, deferring grades,
withdrawing from classes or failing classes) will become ineligible to receive
financial assistance. Students must be in an eligible degree program,
certificate program or transfer curriculum to receive financial assistance at
College of DuPage.

Students entering College of DuPage with a Bachelor's Degree will not be
eligible to receive State or Federal Grants offered through FAFSA. Students may
be eligible to apply for Federal Direct Subsidized and Unsubsidized Loans if
they have not borrowed their maximum loan eligibility and have completed and
been approved through the SAP appeal process. Students will still need to file a
FAFSA to receive Federal Direct Loans.

**Please Note: Students who have received a Bachelor's Degree from a foreign
country will need to provide the Office of Student Records with an Educational
Credential Evaluation (ECE) to determine whether it is equivalent to a U.S.
Bachelor's Degree


SATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS RESOURCES

 * Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
   [/costs/financial_aid/policies/satisfactory-academic-progress.aspx]
 * How to Calculate your Completion Rate
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/pdf/67calcprocedure.pdf]
 * Satisfactory Academic Progress Appeal Form
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/pdf/sap_appeal_process_form.pdf]
 * Request to Amend an Approved Satisfactory Academic Progress Appeal
   [/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/financial-documents-forms/pdf/amended_sap_appeal.pdf]
 * Education Plan Form and Directions
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/pdf/educational_plan_dev_form.pdf]


FINANCIAL AID TIPS

 1. Students must apply for financial assistance every academic school year.
 2. If you enroll full-time for the fall and spring semesters and receive your
    full Pell Grant and/or Direct Loan eligibility, you may not have funds
    available for summer semester.  Eligibility may be dependent upon the number
    of credit hours you enroll for summer semester. 


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Financial Assistance
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2220
(630) 942-2251
Email: financialaid@cod.edu [financialaid@cod.edu]
Fax: (630) 942-2151

Regular Hours

 * Monday and Tuesday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Wednesday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Follow us:

Instagram logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/icon_instagram.png]Instagram:
@CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.instagram.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Facebook logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/facebook-icon.png]Facebook:
CODFinancialAssistance [https://www.facebook.com/CODFinancialAssistance]

Twitter logo
[https://www.cod.edu/about/campus-departments/marketing-communications/images/twitter-icon.png]Twitter:
@CODFinancialAid [https://www.twitter.com/CODFinancialAid]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/costs/financial_aid/steps-to-apply/general-eligibility-requirements.pcf]