https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Engage [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engage_web_masthead.jpeg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Office of the
President [https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/]Engage: College of
DuPage, your community college
[https://www.cod.edu/about/office_of_the_president/engage/]


ENGAGE VOLUME 5, NUMBER 1

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 1, Number 3
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume1-no3.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 2, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume2-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 3, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume3-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 4, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume4-no2.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 1
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.aspx]
 * Engage Volume 5, Number 2
   [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no2.aspx]

Engage cover [/about/office_of_the_president/engage/images/engagev5.1.png]

Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/evcr/]


A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT

Self-assessment is an invaluable tool when planning for the future.

As we continue to move through the pandemic, now is the time for College of
DuPage to analyze what we learned during the past two years and how we can apply
this knowledge toward the future success of our students.

For example, providing flexibility has always allowed students to continue
working or to meet family obligations while going to school. The pandemic
demonstrated we could adapt even more classes and support services into formats
that fit busy schedules.

In this issue of Engage, we examine the future of the College, of education and
of the world. Discover an alumnus dedicating his life to the future of public
health, and see how the College is implementing new technology to provide
unparalleled learning experiences.

COVID-19 demonstrated that College of DuPage is more than capable of meeting
challenges and doing so well. It is exciting to provide even more opportunities
that can lead to academic success and personal enrichment. As a result, we can
make a positive impact on the lives of our students.


POPULAR ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

I invite you to look at the fifth annual Popular Annual Financial Report (PAFR)
[/about/administration/planning_and_reporting_documents/pafr.aspx] for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 2021. The PAFR summarizes the College’s
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report and provides information in an
easy-to-read format. While the Government Finance Officers Association of the
United States and Canada encourages state and local governments—including
community college districts—to issue PAFRs, only a small number do so. We are
proud to share a PAFR and help the community understand our financial condition.

—Dr. Brian W. Caputo is president of College of DuPage.


THE FUTURE OF LEARNING

The pandemic impacted what we did at every level, whether delivering curriculum
or providing support. It was not an easy journey for students, faculty or staff,
but we learned so much about ourselves during the past two years.

College of DuPage has created the Future of Learning Task Force as a way to
build a framework for our future. Comprised of stakeholders from across campus,
the task force—with the help of the College’s Research and Analytics
Division—has analyzed institutional data during the pandemic to inform its work.

Best practices and resources will be synthesized into meaningful research, while
brainstorming sessions brought forward four topics for further exploration:
credentials, modalities, student service/experience, and teaching and learning.

We also had the pleasure to invite such guests as Professor Emeritus Ray
Schroeder from the University of Illinois Springfield, a nationally known author
on higher education trends and online education. He shared insights that have
benefited our work.

The Future of Learning Task Force will make its recommendations this academic
year and looks forward to seeing how its findings will help students.

—Lisa Stock, Ph.D.
Assistant Provost of Instruction


ENGAGE MAGAZINE VOLUME 5, NUMBER 1



Read Engage Magazine [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/evcr/]



 


ON THE COVER VIDEO FEATURING ADRIAN RAYGOZA




VIDEOS

Shingo Satsutani

Chaparral Fitness: Five Tips on How to Get in Shape

AR/VR Room



STORIES: AMANDA HUNHOFF-SEPULVEDA

Amanda Hunhoff-Sepulveda
[/about/stories/students/images/amanda-hunhoff-sepulveda.jpg]

The Library and Information Technology program allows me the flexibility to
continue working part-time at the library while still providing me a
high-quality education that I need to be successful in my new job."

Amanda's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hunhoff-sepulveda.aspx]


ERIC TECUANHUEHUE

Eric Tecuanhuehue [/about/stories/students/images/eric-tecuanhuehue.jpg]

COD gave Eric Tecuanhuehue a fresh start and a new outlook on education. With
the small class sizes and engaging faculty, he began to take his education more
seriously and realized learning could be fun.

Eric's COD Story [/about/stories/students/tecuanhuehue.aspx]


APRIL ZAWLOCKI

April Zawlocki [/about/stories/faculty/images/april_zawlocki.jpg]

“I knew I had found my place when I started observing in schools and working
with students. I love teaching, but I also love learning, which is why I love
being an educator. " - April Zawlocki

April's COD Story [/about/stories/faculty/zawlocki.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


RELATED TO THIS ISSUE OF ENGAGE

Areas of Study

Learn more about the following academic programs at College of DuPage that are
highlighted in this issue of Engage.

 * Biology [/academics/programs/biology/index.aspx]
 * Languages [/academics/programs/languages/index.aspx]
 * Library and Information Technology
   [/academics/programs/library-technology/index.aspx]
 * Teacher Preparation [/academics/programs/teacher-prep/index.aspx]

Related Areas of Interest

College of DuPage offers opportunities beyond the classroom that enhance
academics and foster both professional and personal growth.

 * Center for Student Success
   [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
 * Chaparral Fitness
   [https://gochapsgo.com/sports/2018/11/20/fitness-center.aspx]
 * Fuel Pantry [/student_life/pantry/index.aspx]
 * Field and Experiential Learning, Study Abroad and Global Education
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/field/index.aspx] 

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/office_of_the_president/engage/volume5-no1.pcf]