https://www.cod.edu/records/graduation/commencement.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Male student waving his hands at the crowd wearing a cap and gown
[/_resources/img/hero/male-student-graduation-cap-gown.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Office of Student Records
[https://www.cod.edu/records/]Apply to Graduate
[https://www.cod.edu/records/graduation/]Commencement Ceremony Information


COMMENCEMENT CEREMONY INFORMATION

Congratulations to all of the COD graduates!

 * 2023 Commencement Program [https://online.flipbuilder.com/cod-mcs/pbfv/]
 * 2023 Outstanding Graduates [/about/stories/outstanding-graduates/index.aspx]

If you have questions, contact the Office of Student Records at
commencement@cod.edu [commencement@cod.edu?subject=].


56TH ANNUAL COMMENCEMENT CEREMONY





FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find the answers to frequently asked questions about commencement at College of
DuPage.

How do I update my name that will be read during the ceremony?

If you have a chosen name that you would prefer to use throughout the ceremony,
email commencement@cod.edu [commencement@cod.edu?subject=] with your information
and the name you would like to have read. You will receive a follow-up via email
regarding your request.

How do I order my cap and gown?

Caps and gowns can be purchased through the COD Bookstore
[/academics/bookstore.aspx]during regular hours
[https://www.bkstr.com/dupagestore/store-hours]. The Bookstore has samples you
can try on to ensure a proper fit. There are limits of each size available
in-person so they will be available on a first-come, first-served basis.
Remember to bring your confirmation email from Marching Order, as this is
required to purchase a cap and gown.

What is the price for the cap and gown?

Graduation Package (Cap, gown, tassel): $40.00 + tax

Cap Only: $7.00 + tax

Tassel Only: $5.50 + tax

What are the guidelines for regalia?

All graduates who choose to participate in the Commencement ceremony, must wear
the appropriate hunter green cap and gown, which can be purchased at the COD
Bookstore. If you forget your cap and gown, there will no extras available for
loan.

Honor Society membership recognition is through the individual purchase of a
stole or cord. Please contact your honor society advisor for information.

You may wear medals that you have been awarded while a student at COD.

Begin the ceremony with your tassel on the right side of your cap.

Will there be a rehearsal before the ceremony?

Yes, there will be a required rehearsal at 5:30 p.m. the day of the ceremony. 

Please bring your cap and gown to rehearsal and make sure that your guests have
all the information they need regarding their tickets. You will not be able to
meet up with your guests between rehearsal and the beginning of the ceremony.

Will the ceremony be livestreamed?

Yes, the ceremony will be streamed on YouTube
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7nOEmdQaqs].

Will there be photographs taken during the ceremony?

During the ceremony, a professional photographer from Grad Images will take a
photograph of you at your special moment of recognition receiving your diploma
cover.

Approximately one week after the ceremony you will receive an email with
ordering information. You may also visit gradimages.com
[http://www.gradimages.com]. There is no obligation to purchase a photo.

In order to ensure an orderly ceremony, we do not allow personal photographs and
videos to be taken from the aisles. Personal photographs can be taken after the
ceremony at the reception in the Arts Center lobby.

When will I receive my diploma?

All graduates will receive their diploma in the mail six weeks after their final
semester.


IMPORTANT DATES

The following are dates that have passed for Commencement. 

Past Dates

All students who earned a degree or certificate in December 2022 or who are
candidates for May and August 2023 are invited to participate in the
Commencement ceremony.


REGISTER FOR COMMENCEMENT

To participate in the Commencement ceremony, students must sign up through
Marching Order. Students will receive an email with a personalized link to sign
up, along with additional details involving commencement. Students are not
required to participate in the Commencement ceremony to earn their degree or
certificate. All graduates will receive their diploma in the mail six weeks
after their final semester.


WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15: APPLICATION TO BE INCLUDED IN COMMENCEMENT PROGRAM

If you are graduating from College of DuPage between Fall 2022 and Summer 2023,
planning to participate in Commencement and want your name to appear in the
Commencement program, the first step is to submit your completed Application for
Degree or Certificate [/records/forms/application-degree-certificate.aspx] to
the Office of Student Records by Wednesday, March 15.

While you may be able to attend Commencement if you miss this deadline, your
name will not appear in the program.


TUESDAY, MARCH 21: GRADUATION EXPO

The Graduation Expo will be held on Tuesday, March 21 from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in
the Student Services Center (SSC) Atrium. This optional event will provide
graduates with the opportunity to check their status, confirm they are signed up
for the ceremony, as well as connect with important services related to
finishing at College of DuPage. If you still need to finalize your plans after
graduation, this is a great opportunity to get some information!


MONDAY, APRIL 10: DEADLINE TO FILE AN APPLICATION FOR DEGREE OR CERTIFICATE

Your Application for Degree or Certificate must be submitted by Monday, April 10
in order to register for the Commencement ceremony. Students who submit
applications after this date will not be able to participate in the event.

Once your Application for Degree or Certificate has been submitted and processed
for Fall 2022, Spring 2023 or Summer 2023, it can take up to five (5) business
days for you to be granted access to event registration in Marching Order.

 * File an Application for Degree or Certificate [/records/graduation/index.aspx
   ]


FRIDAY, APRIL 21: DEADLINE TO REGISTER IN MARCHING ORDER

If you have not filed your Application for Degree or Certificate by Monday,
April 10, you cannot register in Marching Order.

If you have already applied for a degree or certificate, keep an eye on your
email for more details from Marching Order. You must register in Marching Order
to be able to participate in the commencement ceremony. This is also where you
will request tickets for the ceremony and indicate any required special
accommodations.

Once your Application for Degree or Certificate has been submitted and processed
for Fall 2022, Spring 2023 or Summer 2023, it can take up to five (5) business
days for you to be granted access to event registration in Marching Order.

One moment I couldn’t wait for was when I walked across the stage at graduation
with my children in the audience watching me earn the degrees I worked so hard
and sacrificed for. It will always be one of the most important moments in my
life.

Erika AndersonCOD Graduate

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/records/graduation/commencement.pcf]