https://www.cod.edu/student_life/leadership/living_leadership/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

living leadership group photo [/_resources/img/hero/living-leadership-hero.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Life
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/]Leadership
[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/leadership/]Living Leadership Program


LIVING LEADERSHIP PROGRAM

The Office of Student Life is committed to the development of student leaders at
College of DuPage. The Living Leadership Program is designed for students
interested in building their leadership skills and confidence while actively
participating in our vibrant campus community.


WHAT IS THE LIVING LEADERSHIP PROGRAM?

The Living Leadership Program is a free non-transcript certificate program at
College of DuPage focused on developing students into active leaders and
positive change-makers. Students may begin the program at any time and
completion of the requirements is self-paced. The program is divided into two
phases to meet the diverse needs of College of DuPage students:

 1. Introduces you to leadership and focuses on leading of self and others
    through practical skill development workshops and involvement in campus
    life. Students who complete phase one are honored at the Annual Student Life
    Celebration and Awards Ceremony in the spring semester. After completing the
    portfolio students are also eligible to move on to Phase 2.
 2. Builds on your leadership experience by guiding you through expanded topics
    in leadership including servant leadership, ethical leadership, articulating
    a vision, and developing a personal leadership philosophy. Students are
    required to complete additional skills workshops, volunteer hours, and the
    Leadership Development class (Humanities 2210, 3 credits). Students who add
    the Living Leadership components to their leadership portfolio and capstone
    project receive a Living Leadership Certificate, a Living Leadership medal
    to wear at graduation, and will be honored at the Annual Student Life
    Celebration and Awards Ceremony in the spring semester.

What is leadership?

Our philosophy is simple. We believe everyone has the potential to be a leader,
and everyone can make a positive impact in their community. The program is
guided by the Three Tenets of Leadership Philosophy:

3 Tenets of Leadership
[/student_life/leadership/living_leadership/images/three_tenets_4.jpg]

Using these three tenets to make a positive impact on your community is living
leadership.

Why study leadership?

Through participating in the Living Leadership Program you will:

 * Make a difference on campus, in the local community, and beyond
 * Discover your top talents and learn how to develop them into strengths
 * Develop a personal leadership philosophy and skills to be a successful leader
 * Gather experiences to enrich your future applications and interviews
 * Create a leadership portfolio of your unique experience in the program
 * Join like-minded students with an interest in leadership

What will I learn in the program?

 The Living Leadership Program focuses on developing 6 leadership competencies:

 * Confidence
 * Self-Understanding
 * Decision Making
 * Social Responsibility
 * Other Perspectives
 * Verbal Communication

Program members will have the opportunity to engage in activities that develop
these competencies in a variety of ways including:

 * In-Person Workshops
 * Virtual Activities
 * Self-Guided Leadership Development Activities (Available 24/7 on-demand)

How do I start?

To participate in the Living Leadership Program you must:

 * Be currently enrolled in at least one credit hour
 * Be in good standing with the college (GPA minimum of 2.0) Waived for new
   students in their first semester.

Students who meet these requirements can:

 1. View the Informational Video 
 2. Sign up to begin the program: Online Sign Up
    [https://cod.presence.io/form/living-leadership-program-sign-up-2021-2022]
 3. Start your leadership journey!

Effective immediately, the Living Leadership Program will be located in
ChapLife. Once you sign up to begin the program, you will be added to the
program and have full access to the program steps.

How do I complete the program?

The program is divided into 2 phases. You may begin at any time and completion
of the requirements is self-paced. Students planning on completing both phases
of the program may take the Leadership Development class at any time.

Once you begin the Living Leadership Program, you will receive a Program Guide
that outlines the entire program and has all the information and resources you
need to successfully complete the portfolios and the final capstone project.

To complete Phase 1 you must:

 * Participate in a club, organization, team, Peer Mentors, or Student
   Ambassadors group on campus and submit a reflection form
 * Attend 3 leadership development experiences (in-person or virtual)
 * Complete the "Introduction to Clifton Strengths" experience and reflection
   form
 * Complete any 1 self-guided leadership development opportunity
 * Submit a capstone reflection form about your Phase 1 experience

To complete Phase 2 you must:

 * Continue involvement in a campus group
 * Attend an additional 3 leadership development experiences (in-person or
   virtual)
 * Successfully complete the Leadership Development class (Humanities 2210, 3
   credit hours) that includes a Service-Learning experience.
 * Complete the Pathways to "Public Service and Civic Engagement" experience and
   reflection form
 * Submit a capstone reflection form about your Phase 2 experience

To complete the Capstone Project you must:

 * Submit a Capstone Project (guide provided)
 * Give a brief presentation about your program experience and leadership
   journey

All students who complete certificates will be honored at the Annual Student
Life Celebration and Awards Ceremony in the spring semester.


PROGRAM ACTIVITIES AND SCHEDULE

To meet the needs and interests of students, the following leadership
development opportunities. Students may choose which experiences they would like
to do to meet program requirements. All requirements are outlined in ChapLife.


LEADERSHIP WORKSHOPS

 * Leadership workshops take place in-person and virtually and explore a variety
   of topics that explore leadership, build leadership skills, and ways students
   can live their leadership every day.
 * Topics include Constitution Day panel discussion, National Voter Registration
   Day forum, Regional Student Leadership Conference, Introduction to Clifton
   Strengths, Mindful Leadership, and Reflective Goal-Setting, Leadership and
   Social Justice, Communication Skills, Ethical Leadership, Global Leadership,
   Transitioning Leadership, Personal Values, and more.
 * Program members can check the Living Leadership Program ChapLife
   [https://cod.presence.io/organization/living-leadership-program] for most
   up-to-date event information with new events added regularly


SELF-GUIDED LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT (ON-DEMAND)

 * Self-guided Leadership Development opportunities are select topics that have
   been transformed into self-paced learning experiences.
 * Topics include personal values and skills assessments, goal-setting,
   listening to leadership podcasts, reading leadership focused books, and
   viewing leadership themed documentaries and feature films.
 * They are available 24/7 on ChapLife under the "Self-Directed Leadership
   Development" experiences area.


LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT CLASS REGISTRATION INFORMATION

 * Leadership Development (Humanities 2210) is designed to help students
   understand the nature of leadership, develop their personal leadership
   philosophy and prepare them to become leaders at home, on campus, in their
   community, and in their professions.
 * This class meets the Living Leadership Certificate requirement and transfers
   as an elective course. Contact an academic advisor for additional transfer
   information.
 * Fall 2023 Course Information:
   * HUMNT-2210-005 Leadership Development
   * Main Campus - 08/22/2023-12/14/2023
   * Lecture/Discussion Tuesday, Thursday 12:30PM - 01:45PM, Berg Instructional
     Center (BIC)
   * Instructor: Stephanie Quirk, Ph.D.
   * Interested in viewing the syllabus? Email Dr. Quirk
     [quirks@cod.edu?subject=HUM2210%20Syllabus%20Request] to request a copy or
     ask questions.


FACULTY PARTNERSHIPS

Powerful Partnerships Faculty Guide Fall 2023
[/student_life/leadership/living_leadership/pdf/powerfulpartnershipsfa23sept9.pdf]


COD STORIES

Hisham Elswefi [/about/stories/students/images/hisham-elseweifi.jpg]

"Every time I think of the word ‘leadership,’ I view trust, boldness, compassion
and creativity as fundamental elements." - Hisham Elseweifi

Hisham's COD Story [/about/stories/students/elseweifi.aspx]


COD STORIES

Stephanie Torres [/about/stories/students/images/stephanie_torres.jpg]

"The Living Leadership Program retreat was probably the single most important
moment for me. It was out of character because I believed I was too shy and
could not do something like that. However, I realized I was capable of more than
I thought." - Stephanie Torres

Stephanie's COD Story [/about/stories/students/torres_stephanie.aspx]


COD STORIES

Veronica Williams Hall
[/about/stories/students/images/veronica_williamshall.jpg]

"Being at COD has been a life-changing experience because at a community
college, school really becomes about you.” - Veronica Williams Hall

Veronica's COD Story [/about/stories/students/williamshall.aspx]


COD STORIES

Matt Brousil [/about/stories/students/images/matt_brousil.jpg]

"I honestly had no idea how great a resource College of DuPage was going to be
for me.” - Matt Brousil

Matt's COD Story [/about/stories/students/brousil.aspx]


COD STORIES

Dianne Hlinsky [/about/stories/students/images/dianne_hlinsky.jpg]

"At COD, I felt connected to a campus for the first time. I made more of a
contribution to student life and the campus community than I ever did at either
of my previous schools.” - Dianne Hlinsky

Dianne's COD Story [/about/stories/students/hlinsky.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Life [hernan4@cod.edu]
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 1217
(630) 942-2243

Living Leadership ProgramSign Up
[https://cod.presence.io/form/living-leadership-program-sign-up-2021-2022]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/student_life/leadership/living_leadership/index.pcf]