https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/physical-therapist/index.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Physical Therapist Assistant students practicing on eachother in lab
[/_resources/img/hero/physical-therapy-assistant-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Physical Therapist Assistant


PHYSICAL THERAPIST ASSISTANT PROGRAM

Physical therapist assistants work in a variety of settings under the
supervision of licensed physical therapists by providing direct patient care in
hospitals, rehabilitation centers, sub-acute care facilities, long-term care
facilities, sports medicine clinics and home health care agencies. 

Designed for students who plan to enter a professional practice, the Physical
Therapist Assistant (PTA) program at College of DuPage teaches students how to
relieve pain in patients and improve strength and mobility so they can reach
their maximum physical potential while also learning to live within the limits
of their disabilities.

The program is a part-time, primarily evening program offered Monday through
Friday. Coursework includes both classroom and clinical instruction. 

Classes begin the fall semester of the same year you have applied. Twenty
students are accepted into the program every year.

You must follow specific admission criteria before being admitted into the
program and follow the admission checklist located in the Physical Therapist
Assistant admission packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/pta.pdf].



First Step to Apply – Attend an Advising Session
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/advising_sessions.pdf]




DETERMINE YOUR PATH

After receiving an Associate in Applied Science degree from COD, you will be
eligible for the state licensure examination for successful entry into the
physical therapy field.

Why CODDegreesMission and GoalsAccreditation and Outcomes
Why COD

You want to attend a credible college that stands out from the rest. At COD,
you'll discover:

 * Dedicated instructors with years of professional experience.
 * Affordable programs to help you achieve success without creating overwhelming
   debt or draining a savings account.
 * Instruction utilizing top-notch facilities and equipment in the Health and
   Science Center [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/hsc.aspx].
 * Hands-on physical therapist assistant courses
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/phyta/] to help you feel prepared when
   you are ready to enter the workforce. 

Degrees


PHYSICAL THERAPIST ASSISTANT

The Physical Therapist Assistant Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-therapy/physical-therapist-assistant-aas/]program
prepares students to provide skilled direct patient care under the direction and
supervision of a licensed physical therapist.

Mission and Goals


MISSION OF THE PHYSICAL THERAPIST ASSISTANT PROGRAM

The Mission of the Physical Therapist Assistant Program at the College of DuPage
is to serve our community as an affordable, accessible option for providing an
education that offers students a successful career path to becoming a highly
skilled PTA through quality learning experiences in a well-equipped lab on a
campus with multiple resources available to meet their needs.

The Mission of the Physical Therapist Assistant Program is:

 * To provide an evening track opportunity for students to earn an Associate of
   Applied Science degree in Physical Therapist Assistant, which will prepare
   graduates to take the state licensure exam and to meet the needs of the
   community, as determined by the needs assessment which provided the basis for
   this program’s establishment. 
 * To provide to its students the highest quality learning experiences in the
   classroom and laboratory, supplemented with practical training at clinical
   facilities to ensure integration of physical therapy principles into
   treatment of patients in a variety of clinical settings. 
 * To foster its students’ development of appropriate communication techniques,
   professional behavior, safe, ethical and legal practice, and critical
   thinking in the implementation of treatment plans. 
 * To ensure that the dynamic curriculum is reflecting current physical therapy
   practice knowledge by team approach of all persons involved. 
 * To provide material resources on the College of DuPage campus and within the
   PTA Program to meet community service and professional development needs. 
 * To collaborate with student support services to market the profession of
   physical therapy, advise potential program applicants, orient PTA Program
   students to College services and provide special academic assistance where
   necessary.


PHYSICAL THERAPIST ASSISTANT GOALS

Upon completion of the PTA Program, the graduate should be able to: 

 * Collect data on patients through interviews, observation, and assessments, 
 * Provide a safe and effective treatment session, practicing within the legal
   and ethical parameters of the physical therapy profession, 
 * Adapt treatment modalities and procedures to meet patients’ needs, 
 * Recognize when treatment needs to be modified or discontinued, demonstrating
   critical thinking,
 * Demonstrate effective written, oral and nonverbal communication skills, and
   professional behavior, when interacting with patients, their families, and
   staff, 
 * Assist in the management of physical therapy services,
 * Assume responsibility for continued personal and professional growth, and
 * Demonstrate the ability to contribute to the profession and community. 

Accreditation and Outcomes


PROGRAM ACCREDITATION

The Physical Therapist Assistant program at College of DuPage is accredited by
the Commission on Accreditation in Physical Therapy Education (CAPTE), 3030
Potomac Ave., Suite 100, Alexandria, Virginia 22305-3085; telephone: (703)
706-3245; email: accreditation@apta.org [accreditation@apta.org]; website:
capteonline.org [http://www.capteonline.org]. If needing to contact the
program/institution directly, call (630) 942-3337 or email dziakj@cod.edu
[dziakj@cod.edu].





PROGRAM OUTCOMES

Program Outcomes 2020-2022 Class Graduation Rate Employment Rate (within 12
months of licensure) Exam Pass Rate First Time Exam Pass Rate Ultimate   2020
96% 100% 70% 87% 2021 92% 100% 61% 87% 2022 92% 100% 82% 100% 2-year average
(2020-2021) 94% 100% 65% 87% 2-year average (2021-2022) 94% 100% 68% 91%

 


COD STORIES

Ernest Daunter [/about/stories/students/images/ernest_daunter.jpg]

“The hard work just isn’t that bad when you’re passionate about what you’re
doing. So many dreams go unrealized for one reason or another. COD helped to get
me on a track to realize my full potential.” - Ernest Daunter

Ernest's COD Story [/about/stories/students/daunter.aspx]


COD STORIES

Pamela Campos [/about/stories/students/images/pamela_campos.jpg]

“What I learned in the PTA program is so vast, and every day I was learning
something new. The professors were there night and day and took their time with
us." - Pamela Campos

Pamela's COD Story [/about/stories/students/campos.aspx]


COD STORIES

Joyce Webb [/about/stories/students/images/joyce_webb.jpg]

“College of DuPage is a hidden gem for adults. This goes to show that at any
age, people can reinvent themselves and start new careers. For anyone feeling
stuck or needing a change, I urge you to explore all that COD has to offer.” -
Joyce Webb

Joyce's COD Story [/about/stories/students/webb.aspx]


COD STORIES

Rachel Gioja [/about/stories/students/images/rachel_gioja.jpg]

“I liked being able to pick my schedule so that by the end of the PTA program, I
could work full-time and still pursue full-time classes. Also, COD is one of the
few schools in the area that offers a PTA program, so of course it became my
number one choice.” - Rachel Gioja

Rachel's COD Story [/about/stories/students/gioja.aspx]


COD STORIES

Ryan Riccitelli [/about/stories/students/images/ryan-riccitelli.jpg]

“The overall experience is one I will never forget and has been overwhelmingly
influential in shaping my physical therapy career trajectory.” - Ryan Riccitelli

Ryan's COD Story [/about/stories/students/riccitelli.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Physical Therapist program is to read
the Physical Therapist Assistant Selective Enrollment Admissions packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/pta.pdf]. The packet contains an admission
checklist that you will need to follow in order to be eligible for admission.

Students interested in registering for an introductory PHYTA 1100 class should
follow specific registration requirements
[/academics/programs/physical-therapist/registration-information-phyta1100.aspx]
to get started.



Program Costs [/academics/programs/physical-therapist/program-costs.aspx]



View the Commission on Accreditation in Physical Therapy Education (CAPTE)
2022-2023 Physical Therapist Assistant Student Financial Fact Sheet.
[/academics/programs/physical-therapist/pdf/accreditation-fact-sheet.pdf]

Program Course Map Options

Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career goals.
Follow a pathway based on your degree that outlines which classes you need to
take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in your
career.

 * Physical Therapist Assistant, Associate in Applied Science
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/physical-therapy/physical-therapist-assistant-aas/]

Program Learning Outcomes

Physical Therapist Assistant Program graduates will:

 * Demonstrate accurate data collection on patients through interviews,
   observation, and assessments.
 * Provide a safe and effective treatment session, practicing within the legal
   and ethical parameters of the physical therapy profession.
 * Describe appropriate safety procedures in the clinical setting following the
   facilities policies and procedures
 * Demonstrate procedures to maintain a safe and efficient physical environment
 * Determine adjustments to the intervention within the plan of care established
   by the physical therapist in response to patient clinical indications
 * Identify when intervention should be modified or discontinued, demonstrating
   critical thinking
 * Demonstrate effective written, oral and nonverbal communication skills, and
   professional behavior, when interacting with patients, their families, and
   staff.
 * Demonstrate assistance in patient care management of physical therapy
   services.
 * Subscribe to activities supporting continued personal and professional
   growth.




WHERE YOU CAN TRANSFER

College of DuPage has several physical therapist assistant transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/physical-therapist-assistant.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.



 


CAREER INFORMATION

Explore careers based on your interest, location and salary range or view top
occupations by income.




> FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Find answers to your frequently asked questions regarding the Physical Therapist
Assistant program.

How long is the Physical Therapist Assistant program?

Once a student has been accepted into the program, the student will be in the
program for five consecutive semesters which includes unpaid clinical
internships.

Each student within a cohort takes exactly the same courses in the same order. A
student must pass each PTA course to continue in the PTA program.

What is the deadline for submission of application material?

The deadline for submitting a complete application is found in the Admissions
Packet [/admission/health_science/pdf_health/pta.pdf]. 

The PTA program's classes begin the fall semester of the same year as the
application.

What type of skills do I need to be successful in the Physical Therapist
Assistant program?
Strong academic and interpersonal skills are necessary to be successful in this
program. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are necessary to
facilitate communication in the health care environment.
Are College of DuPage in-district residents given first priority?

Each program with out-of-district clinical sites may admit a maximum of 20
percent of out-of-district applicants to the program, based on merit. The 20
percent maximum policy only applies to out-of-district applicants who do not
have access to a particular program in the community college district in which
they reside. Students coming from districts with a particular program within
their district would only be considered if there were open seats after all
qualified candidates from in-district and out-of-district without programs were
accepted.

If there are insufficient numbers of qualified in-district applicants, the
maximum percentage of out-of-district students accepted can be exceeded until
the program achieves full enrollment, with the approval of the Dean of Nursing &
Health Sciences.


PRIORITY FOR ADMISSION

 * a. In-District applicants
 * b. Out-of-District who are part of the CAREER Consortium Agreement
   [/registration/career-consortium.aspx] (meaning your residing community
   college does not offer the particular program in which you are applying)
 * c. Out-of-District applicants working full-time in-district (proof of
   in-district employment will be required each semester)
 * d. Out-of-District applicants (who are not part of the CAREER Consortium
   Agreement) including those students with a joint or charge back agreement and
   International students

Please review the PTA Admission Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/pta.pdf] for more information.

How many candidates apply and are accepted to the program each fall semester?
The exact number of candidates who have fully completed applications and have
met the minimum acceptance criteria has varied from year to year. In the last
five years, the number of applicants have ranged from 40 to 50. Twenty students
are accepted into the PTA program each fall semester.
Any other suggestions for applying to the program?

Read and follow the admission packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/pta.pdf] carefully.

Completion of all general education classes is highly recommended.

The advising counselors are very knowledgeable. Once you have applied to COD,
make an appointment with a Health Care Program Advisor by calling (630)
942-2259.



Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]

 



cross on icon [/_resources/img/icons/pathways/health-sciences.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_9

Health Sciences



Apply Now [/admission/health_science/index.aspx]

Contact the Physical Therapist Assistant Program
[/academics/programs/physical-therapist/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/physical-therapist/current-students.aspx]



Physical Therapist Assistant Admissions PacketDownload Packet
[/admission/health_science/pdf_health/pta.pdf]
 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/physical-therapist/index.pcf]