https://www.cod.edu/registration/registration-information.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

three smiling female students in class
[/_resources/img/hero/indoor-students-in-class-smiling.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Student Registration Services
[https://www.cod.edu/registration/]


REGISTRATION INFORMATION

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Planning and myACCESS Assistance
   [/registration/myaccess-student-planning.aspx]
 * Registration Information [/registration/registration-information.aspx]
 * Appeals Information [/registration/appeals-information.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Registration Forms [/registration/forms/index.aspx]
   * Audit Enrollment Change Request
     [/registration/forms/audit-enrollment-change.aspx]
   * Cooperative Agreement Request
     [/registration/forms/cooperative-agreement.aspx]
   * Dual Credit Roster Change Request
     [/registration/forms/dual-credit-roster-change-request.aspx]
   * Late Withdrawal Appeal [/registration/forms/late-withdrawl-appeal.aspx]
   * Medical Appeal [/registration/forms/medical-appeal.aspx]
   * Permit to Register [/registration/forms/permit-to-register.aspx]
   * Tuition Appeal [/registration/forms/tuition-appeal.aspx]
 * Newly Added Courses [/aspcod/updatedclass/course_sections.asp]
 * Permit Information [/registration/permit-registration.aspx]
 * District 502 Residency [/registration/district-502-residency.aspx]
 * CAREER consortium [/registration/career-consortium.aspx]

You must be a current College of DuPage student to register for classes. If you
have not applied to College of DuPage, contact Admissions and Outreach
[/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx] to learn more about the application
process.


REGISTERING FOR CREDIT CLASSES

Students may register without a permit through the first meeting day for a
class. For example, if the class starts on a Monday, a student may register for
this class without a permit through the end of the first day (until 11:59 pm).
An exception to this rule are custom courses or courses with required safety
training, licensure, accreditation or mandatory seat hours for legal reasons (an
enroll late permit [/registration/permit-registration.aspx] is required to
register on the first day of a custom course).

After the first class meeting, a student must request an Enroll Late permit from
the instructor to register for a class (note, prerequisites apply). Students may
request an Enroll Late permit through myACCESS. Enroll Late Permits are valid
for three business days after the issuance date. A $10 late registration fee
will be assessed for each class added after the first class meeting. If a permit
is issued, the student must register for the class online or contact the Office
of Student Registrations Services for assistance.

If a student is on the waitlist for a class, this function will remain active
until the end of the first meeting day (the custom class waitlist expires the
day before the first class meeting). After the first class meeting day, students
are required to obtain an Enroll Late permit from the instructor. A $10 late
registration fee will be assessed for each class added requiring an Enroll Late
permit.

If a student is dropped for non-payment, an Enroll Late permit is required to
re-enroll. A $10 late registration fee will be assessed for each class added
requiring an Enroll Late permit.



How to Search and Register for Classes
[/registration/myaccess-student-planning.aspx]




AUTOMATED PREREQUISITE CHECKING

Before registering for any course with a listed prerequisite, students are
expected to have met the prerequisite requirement(s) or enrolled the term prior
in the prerequisite course and will be prevented from registering for a class if
they have not met the prerequisite.


PAYMENT POLICY

According to COD's payment policy,
[/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx] the College requires students
not fully covered by financial aid or military benefits to enroll in a payment
plan or pay their account balance by the payment due date.


WAITLIST FOR CLOSED CLASSES

A waitlist may be available to students for credit course sections. When a
student attempts to register for a class which is full/closed, the student may
be notified that a waitlist is available. The student will have the opportunity
to be added to the waitlist for only one section per course. If a seat becomes
available, the student will be notified via their College of DuPage (dupage.edu)
email account and will have until 11:59 p.m. that day to register for the open
seat. If the student does not register for the open seat before 11:59 p.m. the
same day, the student will be removed from the waitlist and the next student on
the waitlist will be notified. If the student misses the opportunity to register
and wants to be placed back on the waitlist, the student will be placed at the
bottom of the waitlist. The waitlist function will remain active through the
first class meeting for all sessions excluding custom courses or courses with
required safety training, licensure, accreditation or mandatory seat hours for
legal reasons.

Students can either be registered for a course or waitlisted for one section per
course. If a student registers for a different section of the same course, the
student will be dropped from the waitlisted section. If there is a restrictive
hold on the student’s record, it must be satisfied prior to enrolling.


REFUND INFORMATION

A student will receive a tuition refund for a credit class only if the class is
dropped within the first 12% of the number of calendar days in the session based
on the start date of class. 100% refund of tuition & fees will be granted during
the first 7% of the number of calendar days in the session based on the start
date of the class. 50% refund of tuition & fees will only be granted during the
first 8-12% of the number of calendar days in the session based on the start
date of the class. The enrollment calendar
[/student-services/important-dates.aspx] will show the number of calendar days
per session.

Students can view the specific refund dates for each class on the student’s
class schedule which can be obtained by logging into myACCESS
[https://myaccess.cod.edu] and clicking “My Class Schedule” located under the
Academic Profile heading. Visit refunds [/costs/tuition/refunds/index.aspx] for
more information.


WITHDRAWAL PROCEDURES

The final day for a student to withdraw from any course will be equal to 75% of
the time for the respective academic session.  View the enrollment calendar
[/student-services/important-dates.aspx] for the last day to withdraw.

After the deadline, you will be required to appeal for late withdrawal and
provide appropriate documentation to Student Registration Services for all
requests. Students who are granted approval to withdraw will not be eligible for
refunds of tuition or fees and will receive a ‘W’ grade on their transcript.
Late Withdrawal Appeals must be submitted at least one day prior to the last
regular class meeting. You will not eligible to petition for late withdrawal for
any academic reasons, during the week of final exams or during the last week for
NET classes.


CANCELLATION POLICY

The College cannot guarantee that all the classes listed in the online or
printed Class Schedule will be available when you register and reserves the
right to cancel classes if there is insufficient enrollment. If your class is
canceled, you may select another class or receive a full tuition refund.


MEDICAL APPEALS

Requests for medical appeals are made through the Office of Student Registration
Services. Request form online must be submitted and accompanied by documentation
from a physician or medical institution to verify the medical condition, date of
onset and estimated length of treatment. Medical appeals
[/registration/appeals-information.aspx] are reviewed by committee; written
notification of the decision will be sent to the student within four (4) weeks.


AUDIT INFORMATION

If a student wishes to Audit a class, they may request a permit to make this
change after registering for the class. The course prerequisites are required
regardless of intent to audit. 

Audit cannot be requested past the “Last Day to Add a Course with Instructor
Permit,” refer to the enrollment calendar
[/student-services/important-dates.aspx] for this date.

Changing to audit may affect Financial Aid, Academic Progress, athletic
eligibility, or program completion and may not count toward program
requirements. For academic impact consult with Counseling and Advising
[/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]. For impact on Financial Aid,
consult with the Office of Student Financial Assistance
[/costs/financial_aid/contact.aspx].

Once the change to audit has been made it cannot be reversed.


TUITION FOR AUDITED CLASS

Change to Audit will result in an additional fee charged per credit hour. Visit
tuition and fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx] for details.


GRADING AND IMPACT OF AUDIT ON STUDENT ACADEMIC RECORD

Audited courses appear on a student’s transcript as “X.” The "X" (audit) grade
does not earn credit and is not computed in the grade point average (GPA).


ATTENDANCE AND CLASS PARTICIPATION

 * Permission to audit is ordinarily granted for lecture classes only.
 * Attendance in courses as an auditor is based on the consent of the instructor
   and space availability.
 * The auditors’ participation in class is at the discretion of the instructor.


STEPS FOR ADDING A COURSE AND REQUESTING AN ENROLLMENT STATUS CHANGE TO AUDIT

Only students who have completed the general admissions application may register
for a credit class and request the change to audit.

Audit cannot be requested past the “Last Day to Add a Course with Instructor
Permit,” refer to the Enrollment Calendar
[/student-services/important-dates.aspx] for this date.

 1. Register: register on your own for the class(es) through myACCESS, Student
    Planning or with assistance with a Registration staff member
 2. Complete payment: enroll in a payment plan, or pay for the course in full at
    the time of registration
 3. Read and complete the Audit Enrollment Change Request form
    [/registration/forms/audit-enrollment-change.aspx] and acknowledge your
    understanding of the impact of changing to Audit on your academic record and
    additional fee per credit hour.
 4. Request Instructor’s Permit: obtain approval from the instructor to audit
    the course. You may request the permit in myACCESS
    [/registration/permit-registration.aspx]. After requesting the permit check
    your email regularly for an approval/denial. If approved contact Student
    Registration Services to initiate the change. 

After the change is made, you will receive notification to your @dupage.edu
email. At this time you may view your updated status on My Class Schedule found
in myACCESS, and pay the additional fee.


CONTACT INFORMATION

Office of Student Registration Services
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 2221
Phone: (630) 942-2377
Email: registration@cod.edu [registration@cod.edu]

Regular Hours

 * Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
 * Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Student Help Desk: (630) 942-2999

Individuals who need language assistance, call Campus Central at (630) 942-3000
or email campuscentral@cod.edu [campuscentral@cod.edu].

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/registration/registration-information.pcf]