https://www.cod.edu/academics/testing/tests-accepted.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students walking outside at main campus
[/_resources/img/hero/outdoor-students-walking-pe-walkway-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Testing
Center [https://www.cod.edu/academics/testing/]Tests Accepted


TESTS ACCEPTED BY COLLEGE OF DUPAGE

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Testing Center Locations [/academics/testing/locations.aspx]
 * Testing Center Hours [/academics/testing/hours.aspx]
 * Testing Center Policies [/academics/testing/policies.aspx]
 * Tests Administered [/academics/testing/tests-administered/index.aspx]
 * Tests Accepted [/academics/testing/tests-accepted.aspx]
 * Math Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx]
   * Test Scores and Course Prerequisites
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/test-scores.aspx]
   * Test Scores for Non-Math Courses
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/test-scores-non-math.aspx]
 * Reading/Writing Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx]
   * Kaplan International Tools for English ELS Placement Scores
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/els-kite.aspx]
 * HESI A2 Exam Registration [/academics/testing/tests-administered/hesi.aspx]
 * Other Exam Registration [https://www2.registerblast.com/cod/Exam/List]
 * Virtual Testing Center [/academics/testing/virtual-testing-center.aspx]

Before registering for any course with a listed course prerequisite, students
are expected to have met the prerequisite requirements or be currently enrolled
in a prerequisite course.

Scores from standardized exams and placement tests taken at other institutions
may meet prerequisite requirements for some College of DuPage courses. If you
meet the qualifying score for the exams outlined below, you may not have to take
some placement tests.


QUALIFYING EXAMS FOR PREREQUISITE COURSES

American College Testing (ACT)

Students with a qualifying ACT score may not have to take some placement tests.
Proof of qualifying scores may be submitted to the Testing Center, Student
Registration Services, Office of Student Records and COD Centers.

 * Reading/Writing Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx]
 * Math Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx]

Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT)

Students with a qualifying SAT score may not have to take some placement tests.
Proof of qualifying scores may be submitted to the Testing Center, Student
Registration Services, Office of Student Records and COD Centers.

 * Reading/Writing Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx]
 * Math Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx]

International English Language Testing System (IELTS)

Students with a qualifying IELTS score may not have to take some placement
tests. Proof of qualifying scores may be submitted to the Testing Center,
Student Registration Services, Office of Student Records and COD Centers.

 * Reading/Writing Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx]

Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL)

Students with a qualifying TOEFL score may not have to take some placement
tests. Proof of qualifying scores may be submitted to the Testing Center,
Student Registration Services, Office of Student Records and COD Centers.

 * Reading/Writing Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx]

ACCUPLACER

Students who took ACCUPLACER Reading, Writing, or ESL placement tests at another
institution may be able to use these scores to meet required prerequisites for
courses at COD. Test scores can be submitted through the ACCUPLACER Student
Portal
[https://accuplacer.collegeboard.org/accuplacer/pdf/how-access-test-scores-from-student-portal.pdf]or
sent to academictesting@cod.edu [academictesting@cod.edu?subject=] from the
other institution’s testing center.

 * Reading/Writing Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/reading/index.aspx]

ALEKS Placement, Preparation, and Learning (ALEKS PPL)

Students who took an ALEKS PPL test at another institution may be able to use
their scores to meet required placement test prerequisites for courses at COD.
Only proctored exams will be accepted, and scores must be less than 18 months
old. Test scores can be submitted through a student's ALEKS PPL account
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/aleks-ppl.aspx] or sent to
alekstesting@cod.edu [alekstesting@cod.edu] from the other institution's testing
center.

 * Math Placement Requirements
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/math/index.aspx]


DEMONSTRATED COMPETENCY FOR COLLEGE CREDIT

The College of DuPage Credit by Demonstrated Competence program offers you the
opportunity to demonstrate your achievement outside the classroom and gain
college credit for it. There are two methods for earning credit through this
program – Credit by Proficiency
[/academics/testing/tests-administered/credit-proficiency-exams.aspx] and Credit
by National Examination. You may complete 42 of the 64 credits needed toward an
associate's degree, or up to half of the credits needed toward a certificate
through this program.

Credit by National Examination offers you an opportunity to demonstrate
knowledge in a particular subject area by submitting scores from the nationally
recognized Advanced Placement Program (AP) College-Level Examination Program
(CLEP) or International Baccalaureate (IB). In order to receive credit for an
accepted exam, official scores must be sent to the College of DuPage Testing
Center.

Advanced Placement (AP)

College of DuPage grants credit for course areas in which a student has
completed an approved Advanced Placement Program examination with an acceptable
score, as determined by the appropriate academic division. In order to receive
credit, you must request that the College Board send your official AP score
report to us, either at the time of testing or afterward through a score report
request.

AP credit policy for exams taken:

 * May 2019 and after [/academics/testing/ap-exams-course-equivalents.aspx]

College Level Examination Program (CLEP)

College of DuPage grants credit for course areas in which a student has
completed an approved CLEP examination with an acceptable score, as determined
by the appropriate academic division. If you have questions about how this
credit will apply to your specific program of study, ask your advisor or faculty
member.

In order to receive credit, you must request that College Board send your
official CLEP score report to us, either at the time of testing or afterward
through a Transcript Request Form. Visit collegeboard.org/clep
[https://clep.collegeboard.org/] for more information.

 * CLEP exams accepted at COD.
   [/academics/testing/tests-administered/clep-exams.aspx]

Illinois State Seal of Biliteracy

The Illinois State Seal of Biliteracy or the Illinois State Biliteracy
Commendation are awarded at the High School level for demonstrated proficiency
in a foreign language. Illinois high school students with one of these academic
achievements can earn college credit by providing an official copy of their
Illinois high school transcript with the Illinois State Seal of Biliteracy and
submitting the ISSB Request Form below no later than three years after
graduating from high school to the Office of Student Records.

Students who earn the State Seal will be awarded eight credits of the foreign
language and students who receive a State Commendation receive four credits of
the foreign language. If the language is not offered at College of DuPage,
general degree credits in Humanities is given.


BILITERACY REQUEST FORM 

Please make sure your internet browser is up to date.
All fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.


Please don't fill out this input box.
First Name*
Last Name*
COD Email Address (lowercase only)*
Phone
College of DuPage Student ID Number*
High School Name
Form UUID Site Name  



International Baccalaureate (IB)

College of DuPage grants credit for course areas in which a student has
completed an approved International Baccalaureate (IB) course of study and
completed the appropriate examination with an acceptable score, as determined by
the appropriate academic division. In order to receive credit, a student must
request that the IB office send your official IB score report to us, either at
the time of testing or afterward through a score report request.

 * IB Credit at COD  [/academics/testing/international-baccalaureate.aspx]


CONTACT INFORMATION

Academic and Specialized Testing Center, Glen Ellyn - Main Campus
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 2A06/2A08
(630) 942-2401
Email: testing@cod.edu [testing@cod.edu]
Testing Hours and Locations [/academics/testing/locations.aspx]

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/testing/tests-accepted.pcf]