https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/mptv/television.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

Student standing in front of a camera in a control room
[/_resources/img/hero/mptv-student-camera-anchor.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Areas of
Study [https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/]Motion Picture/Television Program
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/programs/mptv/]Television Production


TELEVISION PRODUCTION PROGRAM

The Television Production program is for students who want to work in a
broadcast studio setting, creating exciting and informative talk shows, new
magazine shows and TV news productions. Television Production is also the place
to start for documentary or any type of live, multi-camera production

Learn scripting, pre-production, camera techniques for both studio and
on-location events, television control room operation and post-production
methods. You’ll also have the opportunity to work on the weekly show “Courier TV
News” and the talk show “Inside COD."


DETERMINE YOUR PATH

First-time students seeking this degree should begin with the following MPTV
courses [https://catalog.cod.edu/courses-a-z/mptv/]: with the Intro class and
Introduction to Animation (MPTV 1311). Advanced students should continue with
Documentary (MPTV 2233), Photojournalism (MPTV 2231) and Pre-Production (MPTV
2031, Emphasis on TV).

Why CODDegreesCertificates
Why COD

For over 15 years, the Motion Picture/Television program at College of DuPage
has been educating and training students in videography, television, animation
and documentary filmmaking.

As an MPTV student, you'll find:

 * Passionate faculty [/academics/programs/mptv/contact.aspx] with award-winning
   national production credits including Disney, Warner Brothers, Paramount and
   Universal with degrees from top MPTV programs.  
 * Smaller class sizes with hands-on learning.
 * State-of-the-art film and television studio with multi-camera control room,
   lighting grid, chroma-key screen, green room and more.
 * Computer labs with the latest professional, cross-platform software.
 * Audio studios with computers, professional software, mixers and professional
   microphones.
 * Individual computer editing suites for advanced students.
 * Professional HD/SD digital video cameras and extensive support equipment.
 * Internship and employment opportunities with a broad range of employers in
   Chicago and the suburbs.
 * Articulated transfer programs
   [/academics/transfer/programs/motion-picture-television.aspx] with several
   prestigious institutions.

Degrees


TELEVISION PRODUCTION, ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE

The Television Production, Associate in Applied Science
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/motion-picture-television/television-production-aas/]editing
for motion picture/television, television studio production, pre-production for
motion/picture television and on-location television production.

Certificates


MOTION PICTURE/TELEVISION

The Motion Picture/Television certificate
[https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/motion-picture-television/motion-picture-television-certificate/]requires
45 credits to completion. Students will take a variety of classes including
editing, audio, cinematography, pre-producton, directing, 3D animation and more.


COD STORIES

Anthony Guerrero [/about/stories/students/images/anthony-guerrero.jpg]

"I am constantly expanding my skills and improving upon them. I like what I do.
Video editing is something that I’ve learned through trial and error and I can
only keep getting better." - Anthony Guerrero

Anthony's COD Story [/about/stories/students/anthony_guerrero.aspx]


COD STORIES

Jason O'Malley [/about/stories/students/images/jason-omalley.jpg]

"I feel very lucky that COD accelerated me into my professional career with both
traditional education and on-the-job experience and did so in an affordable way
that gave me increased flexibility after graduation." - Jason O'Malley

Jason's COD Story [/about/stories/students/omalley.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sam Schmidt [/about/stories/students/images/sam_schmidt.jpg]

"The teachers are fantastic, the department as a whole is amazing and what you
take away from the program is limitless. The knowledge and real-world experience
you get from this program will help get you where you want to be." - Sam Schmidt

Sam's COD Story [/about/stories/students/vallo_schmidt.aspx]


COD STORIES

Sarah Taschetta [/about/stories/students/images/sarah_taschetta.jpg]

"It doesn’t matter that I didn’t start at COD. I received an amazing education
and the opportunities were just incredible.” - Sarah Taschetta

Sarah's COD Story [/about/stories/students/taschetta.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


GET STARTED TODAY

The first step to getting started in the Animation program is to apply for
admission [/admission/index.aspx]. 

Program Course Map Options

Our Academic and Career Pathways give you a roadmap to achieving your career
goals. Follow a timeline based on your degree that outlines which classes you
need to take and when so you graduate on time or move on to the next phase in
your career.

 * Television Production, Associate in Applied Science Degree
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/motion-picture-television/]
 * Motion Picture/Television Certificate
   [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs-study/motion-picture-television/]

Program Learning Outcomes for Television Production
 * Demonstrate an understanding of studio television production technique.
 * Perform multi-camera studio directing
 * Develop news programming for a student-produced station, channel or outlet
 * Differentiate between specific techniques used in various television
   movements, genres, and styles
 * Recognize technical and aesthetic elements of directing, screenwriting,
   camera operation, editing, and sound, which mark specific film works, styles,
   or periods
 * Apply principles used in historical works to television/broadcast production
 * Apply pre-production techniques and materials to various motion picture and
   television genres
 * Apply proper script writing format

Where You Can Transfer

College of DuPage has several motion picture/television transfer agreements
[/academics/transfer/programs/motion-picture-television.aspx] in place with
four-year colleges and universities to save you time, money and make the
transfer process easier.

Many of these agreements with other colleges and universities have specific
course requirements and a pre-determined course plan that needs to be followed
to be eligible to transfer. Contact a program faculty member or academic advisor
to learn more as course requirements vary by institution.




EXPLORE MOTION PICTURE/TELEVISION CAREERS

Take the next step in your career search and discover related careers, average
salaries, annual job openings and more through Career Coach. Browse motion
picture/television career data
[https://cod.emsicc.com/programs/motion-picturetelevision-degree-or-certificate/144865?radius=&region=Chicago-Naperville-Elgin%2C%20IL-IN-WI].



 

Students walking on campus
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/international-estimated-expenses.jpg]


ADMISSIONS

Tour campus, attend an information session and apply today.

[https://www.cod.edu/admission/index.aspx]
Student smiling working on homework
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/honors.jpg]


TUITION & SCHOLARSHIPS

Discover the cost of college, apply for financial aid or learn about payment
plans.

[https://www.cod.edu/costs/]
Students taking a photo with mascot
[https://www.cod.edu/_resources/img/three-column-card/the-edge-program.jpg]


STUDENT LIFE

Join a leadership program or club and learn about new student orientation.

[https://www.cod.edu/student_life/index.aspx]
bank brush and pencil icon
[/_resources/img/icons/pathways/fine-and-applied-arts.png]
https://catalog.cod.edu/programs/#filter=.filter_8

Fine and Applied Arts



Apply Now [https://admissions.cod.edu/]

Contact the Television Program [/academics/programs/mptv/contact.aspx]

Current Students [/academics/programs/mptv/current-students.aspx]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/programs/mptv/television.pcf]