https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/scholarships.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

student receiving award at ceremony
[/_resources/img/hero/honors-scholarship-interaction-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Academic
Opportunities [https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/]Honors
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/]Honors
Scholarships


HONORS SCHOLARSHIPS

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Frequently Asked Questions
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/faq.aspx]
 * Honors Courses
   [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses/Search?coursetypes=HONOR&TERMS=2023FA&SearchResultsView=1]
 * Honors Registration
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/registration.aspx]
 * Honors Scholarships
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/scholarships.aspx]
 * Transfer Information
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/transfer-information.aspx]
 * Honors Academic Opportunities
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/academic_opportunities.aspx]
 * Honors Student Stories [/about/stories/honors-student-stories.aspx]
 * Celebration of Academic Excellence
   [/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/academic-excellence.aspx]
 * Honors Student Advisory Committee (HSAC)
   [https://cod.presence.io/organization/honors-student-advisory-committee-hsac]
 * Phi Theta Kappa (PTK)
   [https://cod.presence.io/organization/phi-theta-kappa-ptk]

College of DuPage offers honors scholarships for incoming high school students
and COD Honors students who are ready to transfer to continue their education. 


HONORS PROGRAM TRANSFER SCHOLARSHIPS

Applications open in mid-January for honors program transfer scholarships for
COD honors students.


ELIGIBILITY

In order to qualify, students must have a cumulative GPA of at least 3.5 and
complete 18 credits of Honors courses or 15 credits including an Honors seminar
and/or Honors Humanities 2210 course by the end of spring semester. Aurora
University requires Phi Theta Kappa membership.

One scholarship will be granted by each institution for fall. 


SCHOLARSHIPS

College of DuPage Honors students can apply for a scholarship to the following
institutions:


AURORA UNIVERSITY

Award: $1,500 a year in addition to AU's merit awards that include a $10,000
Transfer Scholarship and a $2,000 PTK membership scholarship.


ELMHURST UNIVERSITY

Award: Full tuition for up to two years of full-time study with GPA maintenance
and full-time enrollment required for renewal. Beyond two years' study requires
Elmhurst University approval for renewal.


MILLIKIN UNIVERSITY

Award: Provide one full tuition Presidential Scholarship for one year of
full-time study, renewable for four years, so long as the recipient remains in
good standing with Millikin University and the James Millikin Honors Program.


NORTH CENTRAL COLLEGE

Award: Full tuition for one year of full-time study; renewable up to three years
at North Central College's discretion for the student to complete a bachelor's
degree.


HOW TO APPLY

 * Apply to the transfer school.
 * Complete the online scholarship application at cod.academicworks.com
   [https://cod.academicworks.com]. Login with your COD credentials.
 * Submit a 500-word essay on the most challenging obstacle you have overcome,
   its impact and what you learned from the experience.  Include a resume
   and two letters of recommendation.

By submitting an application, you agree to College of DuPage sharing information
with the institutions offering these scholarship opportunities.


QUESTIONS

If you have questions regarding honors scholarship, email scholarships@cod.edu.
[scholarships@cod.edu]


JACK KENT COOKE UNDERGRADUATE TRANSFER SCHOLARSHIP

The Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Undergraduate Transfer Scholarship
[https://www.jkcf.org/our-scholarships/undergraduate-transfer-scholarship/]
makes it possible for the nation's top community college students to complete
their bachelor's degrees by transferring to a selective four-year college or
university. The Foundation provides up to $40,000 per year to each of
approximately 85 deserving students selected annually, making it the largest
private scholarship for two-year and community college transfer students in the
country.

Find more information and how to apply for the Jack Kent Cooke Undergraduate
Transfer Scholarship visit the Jack Kent Cooke website [http://www.jkcf.org/].


FOR INCOMING HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS

High School seniors interested in receiving a scholarship must apply prior to
taking courses at COD. For more information on scholarships, visit Student
Financial Assistance [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]. Be sure to check out
the Scholars Award Programs'
[/costs/scholarships/scholars_awards.aspx] exclusive opportunities for Honors
students. 





COD STORIES

Holly Greenwell [/about/stories/students/images/holly_greenwell.jpg]

"I needed to maintain a minimum of a 3.25 GPA in order to keep the scholarship,
and I wanted to maintain a high GPA at Elmhurst so that I could graduate with
the highest honors." - Holly Greenwell

Holly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/greenwell.aspx]


COD STORIES

Amy Adduci [/about/stories/students/images/amy_adduci.jpg]

"COD and its amazing staff are there to help you become the best student you can
be, and you owe it to yourself to reach your absolute best." - Amy Adduci

Amy's COD Story [/about/stories/students/adduci.aspx]


COD STORIES

Oscar Almonte [/about/stories/students/images/oscar-almonte.jpg]

"Thanks to the transfer scholarship, I’ll also be gifted the time and freedom to
become a more involved and active student in clubs and other extracurriculars,
which will only increase my chances of standing out, growing further and
succeeding at Millikin." - Oscar Almonte

Oscar's COD Story [/about/stories/students/almonte.aspx]


COD STORIES

Tiffany Cuevas [/about/stories/students/images/tiffany-cuevas.jpg]

“Personally, I knew that I wanted to study political science but wasn’t exactly
sure how I wanted to apply it. It took some time to explore classes and expose
myself to different fields to actually come to the decision of where I am at
now. So don’t rush anything; when you know, you know." - Tiffany Cuevas

Tiffany's COD Story [/about/stories/students/cuevas.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


CONTACT INFORMATION

Honors Program Office
Berg Instructional Center (BIC), Room 3418
(630) 942-3318
Email: honorsprogram@cod.edu [honorsprogram@cod.edu]

Dr. Lisa Higgins
Director, Honors Program
Professor of English



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/academic_opportunities/honors/scholarships.pcf]