https://www.cod.edu/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/student-success-resources.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]

students and tutors studying at the Learning Commons center
[/_resources/img/hero/male-studying-learning-commons-heroimage.jpg]
Home [https://www.cod.edu/]Academics [https://www.cod.edu/academics/]Learning
Commons [https://www.cod.edu/academics/learning_commons/]Tutoring
[https://www.cod.edu/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/]Student Success
Resources


STUDENT SUCCESS RESOURCES

Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Drop-In Tutoring [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/drop-in-tutoring.aspx]
 * Learning Commons Hours [/academics/learning_commons/hours.aspx]
 * Learning Commons Workshops [/academics/learning_commons/workshops/index.aspx]
   * Beginning of Semester Success Workshops
     [/academics/learning_commons/workshops/beginning-of-semester-success.aspx]
 * Online Assistance
   [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/blackboard-collaborate.aspx]
 * Student Success Resources
   [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/student-success-resources.aspx]
 * Tutoring Course List
   [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/tutoring-course-list.aspx]
 * Tutoring Request Form
   [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/tutoring-services-request.aspx]

Tutoring Services offers a variety of student success resources. Strategic
Success Sessions are available for students to learn strategies to improve their
skills in organization, time management, test taking and studying.

Appointments are also available for students who would like to complete the
Learning and Study Strategies Inventory (LASSI). LASSI can help you identify and
capitalize on your strengths target areas for improvement. LASSI is a
broad-based measure of strategic learning. To learn more about LASSI, make an
appointment
[/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/tutoring-services-request.aspx] with a
peer tutor. 

The following student success tips have been developed through LASSI and by peer
tutors.


ONLINE LEARNING TIPS

Stay Organized


LECTURES & LABS

 1. How do you access course content, such as lectures, discussion boards, and
    activities?
 2. Are lectures at a specific time or can you watch it anytime?


ASSIGNMENTS

 1. What are the due dates?
 2. How are assignments submitted?
 3. When are quizzes/exams and how are they administered?


GET HELP

 1. How can you contact your instructor? Do they have virtual office hours?
 2. Take advantage of the Learning Commons online assistance options.
    * Math Assistance
      [/academics/learning_commons/mathematics-assistance/index.aspx]
    * Tutoring Services [/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/index.aspx]
    * Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance
      [/academics/learning_commons/writing/index.aspx]

Avoid Multitasking

Only 2% of the population can multitask. Even if you feel like you’re
multitasking, you’re probably just switching between tasks very quickly
(micro-tasking). 


NEGATIVES OF MULTITASKING/ MICRO-TASKING

 * Assignments take longer: Each time you come back to an assignment, you have
   get familiar with it, find your spot, remember what you were going to do
   next.
 * You’re more likely to make mistakes: Distractions and switching between tasks
   tires out the brain.
 * You will remember less: When your brain is divided you’re less able to commit
   knowledge to long-term memory.


MONOTASK INSTEAD

 * Focus on one thing at a time
 * Take breaks between tasks
 * Use the Pomodoro Method To improve focus, work for 25 or 50 minutes then
   reward yourself with a 5 or 10 minute break.

Set a Schedule

With online classes there may be less activities scheduled for a set time.
Setting a schedule can help provide structure and motivation.

Include the following activities on a daily or weekly calendar:

 * School work
 * Work schedule and chores
 * Social activities
 * Exercise
 * Self-care activities

Adopt New Strategies

Look for ways to adapt your usual habits or form new ones. 


IF YOU USUALLY STUDY IN A COFFEE SHOP OR LIBRARY

Ask yourself what kind of environment helps you study. Try to recreate that at
home. Such as studying in a chair, rather than on a couch, or moving to a new
spot when you change tasks.If you need background noise, try a white noise app.


IF YOU USUALLY STUDY WITH A GROUP OR A TUTOR

Try a virtual study session with your group using Zoom, Google Hangouts,
FaceTime, Skype, or over the phone. Access Learning Commons services online.


IF YOU THRIVE ON STRICT TIMELINES, BUT NOW HAVE A MORE OPEN SCHEDULE

Think about how working with others or setting up a schedule can recreate that
for you. When that gets hard, see if you can even do fifteen minutes at a time. 

Make the Most of Video Lectures
 * Stick to the course schedule
   Staying on schedule will help prevent you from falling behind.
 * Find out how to ask questions
   Is there a chat feature? Is there a discussion forum? How do you contact your
   instructor?
 * Close distracting tabs or apps
   Humans aren’t good at multitasking.
 * Take notes as you would if you were in person
   Check out the Leaning Commons Effective Note-Taking video.
 * Watch videos at normal speed
   Playback speeds of 1.5x can lower your retention and can result in lower
   assessments. This faster playback speed is worse for complex, multi-step
   material.

Virtual Collaboration
 * Group projects may be out-of-sight, out-of -mind if you aren’t seeing each
   other regularly. Resist the urge to procrastinate. Make progress and stay in
   touch.
 * Meet regularly, with classmates. Consider a text about progress every few
   days. Ideally, have conversations over video when you’re working together.
 * Set a purpose for meetings in advance. Use a shared notes document so you can
   all contribute and follow along. Even if your team worked well informally in
   the past, meetings might feel different using video.
 * As long as you can see necessary docs, aim to keep the video chat window
   visible on the screen. Seeing the expressions of your teammates will help
   communication.
 * Check on each other and ask for backup: If someone has been absent from group
   discussion, ask them directly if they’re still able to participate. If you
   don’t get a response in a day or two, let your instructor know. It isn’t
   being petty, it’s your team’s responsibility. 

Stay Connected

Connect with family and friends for a healthy school and life balance. Stay in
touch with instructors and classmates to complete coursework effectively.

 * Schedule video calls with friends and family. Talking with loved ones is
   helpful when you’re stressed or nervous. Taking a break to have a laugh is
   also important.
 * Use Zoom, Google Hangouts, Skype, etc. to meet with classmates.
 * Attend virtual office hours with your instructor.
 * Take advantage of Learning Commons online academic assistance.

Taking Online Tests


BEFORE

 * Read exam guidelines: When is the exam? Is there a time limit?
 * Know the format: Is it essay, short answer, or multiple choice?
 * Test yourself: Take a practice test or create practice questions.
 * Check your device : Do you have needed hardware, software, and internet
   signal?
 * Find a distraction-free space and time: Ensure you have enough time and turn
   off notifications.
 * Gather your materials: If allowed, gather notes, book, scratch paper,
   calculator, etc.


DURING

 * Keep track of time: Set an alarm for when there are a few minutes left.
 * Use a Word document: If allowed, type essay answers in Word to make editing
   easy. Then, paste the essay it into the exam.
 * Don’t exit out of the exam: If online resources are allowed, open them in a
   new window or a different browser.
 * Technical issues? Contact your instructor including screenshots to explain
   the problem.
 * Double check your work. Then click submit!


AFTER

 * Assess your progress: How do you think you did on the exam? Review your notes
   or textbook to find answers to questions you were unsure about in the exam. 
   Check your grade: Allow time for your instructor to grade exams if results
   are not immediately available.
 * Record ideas for ways to improve on your next exam: Did you study
   appropriately? Were you able to complete the exam without any distractions or
   technical issues? 


STUDENT SUCCESS

Anxiety

The manifestation of stress that continues after the stressor is gone. 

 * Focus on who You are and how You feel. Feeling concern about doing well in
   college is good, but when you feel anxious or panicky, it’s important to
   become aware of these feelings and do something.
 * List the stressful events in your life and determine why they make you
   anxious.
 * Analyze your list to see which stressors are realistic. Often we worry about
   matters that are not very realistic, such as working hard to prepare for a
   test but still worrying that we will fail.
 * Anxiety is often accompanied by feelings of fear, apprehension or impending
   doom. If you experience symptoms that are more consistent with anxiety than
   stress, you should meet with a healthcare provider or contact COD Counseling
   Services.


ANXIETY MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES

 * Set goals. Any step towards goals reduces stress.
 * Manage your time.
 * Address issues before they become big problems.
 * Set boundaries and learn to say no.
 * Socialize with people who invigorate.
 * Get sufficient sleep.
 * Eat right.
 * Talk with a friend, counselor, or therapist.
 * Write in a journal.


ANXIETY MANAGEMENT APPS

Download from iTunes or Google Play

 * Worry Box
   Learn to control worry and get relief from anxiety.
 * What’s Up?
   Learn techniques to feel grounded in stressful moments.


COD RESOURCES

 * Counseling and Advising Services
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
   (630) 942-2259
 * Center for Access and Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3249
   (630) 942-2154 

Attitude

College can help you achieve the “life success goals” that will get you where
you want to go.

 * Congratulations, your accomplishments and persistence have earned you the
   opportunity to be a college student.
 * Achieving your personal best has never been more crucial to your success— and
   you will be up to the task.
 * You are responsible for your future, and college can help you achieve the
   “life success goals” that will get you where you want to go.
 * Examples of Life Success Goals:
   * Increase employability and earning potential
   * Prepare for career success
   * Make smart personal health choices and gain self-knowledge


ATTITUDE MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES

 * Think Positively! Tell yourself, “ I can learn this material. I am a good
   reader. I can succeed.”
 * Ask how to repeat, increase, or have new positive experiences. For example,
   “Am I ignoring or taking for granted some positive aspects of my
   experiences?”
 * Laugh and play with friends or get a physical workout; successful people do
   not study all the time.
 * Listen to good music.
 * Try Nap Therapy. Taking naps is a wonderful way to relax and revitalize
   yourself.
 * As you learn new information and skills in college, try to think of ways they
   can be useful to you in other courses or in the future.


ATTITUDE MANAGEMENT APPS

Download from iTunes or Google Play

 * Happify
   Games to increase your happiness and reduce stress.
 * Head Space
   Guided meditation to increase, sleep, happiness, & productivity.


COD RESOURCES

Counseling and Advising Services [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
(630) 942-2259

Concentration

Learn how to get focused and stay focused.

 * Internal Distractions - Monitor your thinking when doing coursework both in
   class and out of class. Identify what is negatively affecting your
   concentration and work to eliminate or minimize the thoughts or actions that
   draw your attention away from that task.
   * Keep an attention list
   * Check your concentration
   * Review time management and memory principles
 * External Distractions -Analyze your environment to see if it helps or hurts
   your concentration.
   * Shut yourself away from noise and distraction
 * Compartmentalize your life


CONCENTRATION STRATEGIES

 * Try to study at the same times and in the same places. This way, you can
   program your mind to promote concentration.
 * Be intensely involved. Tell yourself that what you are doing is important and
   needs your full attention.
 * Structure your study sessions so you know the time you will spend and the
   material you will study.
 * Select the right company (or no company at all).
 * Attempt to place personal problems aside if you can’t postpone studying. You
   simply won’t get anything done worrying.
 * Get some sleep! Lack of sleep destroys your ability to concentrate.


CONCENTRATION APPS

Download from iTunes or Google Play

 * Forest
   Stay Focused, Be Present
   Beat phone addiction.
 * Luminosity
   Brain games designed to improve your mental focus


COD RESOURCES

 * Counseling and Advising Services
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
   (630) 942-2259
 * Center for Access and Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3249
   (630) 942-2154 

Information Processing

Utilize the SQ3R method when reading to process information:

 * Survey. Scan material you want to learn to get an overall picture of area
   covered by the reading.
 * Question. Turn headings or subheadings into questions, and then try to answer
   them in your own words.
 * Read. Go through the text with these questions in mind, and take notes at
   your own pace.
 * Recall. Close the book and remember what you read. Write down what you
   remember in your own words.
 * Review. Go over your notes to be sure you don’t forget and to see how the
   material relates to the course and other reading.


BRAIN PAYS ATTENTION TO

 * High contrast
 * Novelty
 * Movement
 * Symbols
 * Strong, simple images
 * Icons


INFORMATION PROCESSING STRATEGIES

 * Read slowly and deliberately. Define unknown terms.
 * Take notes in your own words and recite knowledge.
 * Explain what you have learned to another person.
 * Devise ways to get interest - The brain prioritizes by value, meaning, and
   usefulness.
 * Group ideas into categories - The brain can process only 5 to 7 bits of
   information at a time.
 * Give info proper attention - If not deemed necessary it becomes a short-term
   memory and is ultimately discarded.
 * Activate past knowledge about a subject before learning something new - The
   brain makes more connections this way.


INFO PROCESSING APPS

Download from iTunes or Google Play.

 * Voice Dream Reader
   Adjusts text for easier reading or reads text aloud.
 * Simple Mind
   Brainstorm by creating mind maps.
 * Diigo
   Highlight, annotate, and organize notes.


COD RESOURCES

 * Counseling and Advising Services
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
   (630) 942-2259
 * Center for Access and Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3249
   (630) 942-2154 

Motivation

Plan and execute your goals to achieve them:

 * Types of motivation:
   * Intrinsic—doing things because they give you personal satisfaction.
   * Extrinsic—doing things because of potential repercussions.
 * Locus of Control. Some believe they are the “masters of their own destiny”
   while others believe they are the “victims of circumstance.” Locus means
   location. If you have an internal locus of control then you believe your
   decisions create an outcome. Research shows that individuals with a strong
   internal locus of control tend to be happier.
 * Self-determination Theory. To maintain motivation, individuals must feel:
   competent in their skills, connected to others who will support them, and in
   charge of their behaviors and goals.


STEPS

 1. Set specific, clear and realistic goals
 2. Clarify your values, purpose, and approach to achieving the specific goal. 
 3. Set a target date to reach the goal.


STRATEGIES TO MOTIVATE YOURSELF

 * Establish long-term goals that cover a period of at least six months to a
   year. Then create short-term goals that move you toward the long-term goals.
 * Each day take action to move towards your goals.
 * If a goal seems overwhelming, think of it as a series of steps. Identify the
   steps to reach the goal.
 * If you are having difficulty, ask yourself: Is this goal still relevant? Are
   other goals more important?
 * Plan a reward for when you reach the goal.
 * Be responsible. You’re in charge of meeting obligations and making decisions
   to move toward goals.
 * Create positive affirmations. Ex: "I complete my work on time," not "I will
   never turn in a paper late again." 


MOTIVATION APPS

 * Think Up: Positive Affirmations
   Techniques to inspire positive affirmations and self-talk.
 * Habit Tracker
   Track, identify, and change your habits.
   


COD RESOURCES

 * Counseling and Advising Services
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
   (630) 942-2259
 * Center for Access and Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3249
   (630) 942-2154 

Selecting Main Ideas

Make meaning from text and critically think about the information:

 * Know why you are reading and what you are looking for.
 * Practice Metacognition (thinking about and regulation of thinking). It is not
   enough to merely know how to read; you must think about your reading and task
   management as it happens.
 * Read with a purpose. This will motivate you to complete the reading.
 * Monitor Comprehension. Write down the answers to questions like: ‘What is the
   author saying?’, ‘How can I use this information?’, and ‘How does this
   information relate to my experiences?’
 * Survey the text. Look at the index and contents page. Check the beginning/end
   of reading for a summary. If you are previewing a chapter/article, read the
   first sentence of each paragraph.
 * Identify how much space is devoted to a subject to see where the authors have
   placed their emphasis.


PREPARING FOR YOUR READING

 * Determine what you need to do.
 * Recall what you already know.
 * Look at your notes to review the topic.
 * Survey the text.


STRATEGIES FOR DIFFICULT READING

 * Reread to understand and get a feel for the language.
 * Find the important words, usually verbs and nouns.
 * Slow down and pay attention if you pass a signpost (bold-faced words,
   call-out boxes, charts, diagrams, questions, check-ins).
 * Pause briefly to summarize what you have read.
 * Read it aloud.
 * Stand up. Changing positions combats fatigue.
 * Talk to your instructor or a tutor.
 * Locate specific info by skimming quickly until you find when you are looking
   for.


READING APPS

Download from iTunes or Google Play

 * Ultimate Reading Free
   Solidify your reading and understanding skills
 * Iris Speed Reading Tips
   Become a more efficient reader.


COD RESOURCES

 * Counseling and Advising Services
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
   (630) 942-2259
 * Center for Access and Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3249
   (630) 942-2154 

Self-Testing

Gauge the effectiveness of your learning strategies.

 * Reinforce information in your memory often so you can access it easily later.
 * Create a checklist of study items and use short daily review sessions.
 * Concentrate daily reviews on material you have just learned and material that
   involves simple memorization.
 * Review at least once a week for each class. Access what you’ve learned and
   what you still need to learn during each study session.
 * Review material periodically because information in longterm memory fades
   away without reinforcement. 


STRATEGIES FOR STUDY SESSIONS

 * Create flashcards throughout and review in free time.
 * When reading, stop periodically and summarize in your own words. Check the
   text to see if you are correct.
 * Compose and answer questions before, during, and after reading, studying, or
   going to class.
 * Review notes to see if they are complete and can be understood.
 * Answer the review questions in your textbooks.
 * Restate material in your own words or try to explain it to someone. If it is
   difficult to explain, study it more.
 * Apply a principle or method you are learning .


SELF-TESTING APPS

 * StudyBlue Flashcards & Quizzes
   Quiz yourself and track your progress.
   
 * SimpleMind
   Brainstorm by creating mind maps

Test Taking

Test taking strategies to do your best.

 * There is no substitute for having studied thoroughly and knowing the content.
 * Reviewing course material throughout the semester helps commit the
   information to your long-term memory and eliminates the need for cramming the
   night before.
 * Ask your instructor to describe upcoming tests - what course material will it
   cover, is it cumulative, will it be true/false, multiple choice, or short
   answer? How much will it be worth?  The day before a big test take some time
   to do something you enjoy. A relaxed brain is a more effective brain. 


ON THE DAY OF THE TEST

 * Read the instructions carefully.
 * Scan the exam first. Provide more time for more heavily weighted questions.
 * Write legibly and show your work.
 * Start with the questions you know.
 * Learn from the exam as you take it. Questions may provide clues for other
   questions' answers.
 * Your first choice is often right. Don’t change your answer unless you are
   sure!
 * Use all of the time allowed. Take time at the end to review.


TEST STRATEGIES APPS

 * Study Tips
   Learn easy-to-use powerful study tips.
 * MindShift
   Learn strategies to cope and manage testing anxiety. 


COD RESOURCES

 * Center for Access and Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3249
   (630) 942-2154 

Time Management

Create to-do lists and indicate priorities.

 * Priority 1 items are the most crucial. They may include attending class,
   completing school assignments, working at a job, and paying bills. Enter
   Priority 1 items on your planner first, before scheduling anything else.
 * Priority 2 items are important but more flexible parts of your routine.
   Examples include library study time, completing an assignment for a school
   club, and working out. Schedule these around Priority 1 items.
 * Priority 3 items are least important. Examples include phoning a friend,
   catching up on your favorite shows, and cleaning out a closet. Many people
   don’t enter Priority 3 tasks in their planners until they know they have time
   for them. 


TIME MANAGEMENT TIPS

 * Establish a schedule and put it in writing.
 * Minimize distractions.
 * Create a term calendar. Use your syllabus to write in all important due
   dates, deadlines, and exams.
 * Create a weekly schedule. Don’t over book yourself.
 * Create daily to-do lists. Transfer tasks to the next day if something doesn't
   get done.
 * Use your class time and small pockets of time well.
 * Use your best time well. If you’re a “morning person” complete difficult
   tasks in the morning.
 * Break tasks into manageable blocks.


TIME MANAGEMENT APPS

Download from iTunes or Google Play

 * Evernote
   Organized your note-taking, research, and to-do list.
 * Coach.me
   Set goals, track progress, and earn rewards for sticking with it.


COD RESOURCES

 * Counseling and Advising Services
   [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   Student Services Center (SSC), Room 3200
   (630) 942-2259

Understanding Academic Resources

Use appropriate Learning Strategies for the task at hand.

 * Rehearsal strategies help you learn material through repetitive exposure.
   (Repeat a definition, use flash cards, listen to a taped recording of the
   lecture, and highlight material in a text.)
 * Elaboration strategies involve adding to or modifying the material to make it
   more meaningful and memorable. (Paraphrase, summarize, create analogies, use
   compare-and contrast strategies, apply concepts, teach someone, and create
   possible test questions.)
 * Organization strategies are a category of elaboration strategies that focus
   on reorganizing and elaborating visually. (Create outlines, cause–effect
   diagrams, mind maps, and relationship diagrams.) 


STUDY STRATEGIES

 * Look for chapter objectives, headings, key terms, illustrations, highlighted
   words, questions, summaries.
 * Read with curiosity and to answer questions.
 * Write or recite main points and facts from memory.
 * Take lecture notes.
 * Study by asking and answering questions.
 * Find study partners who challenge and inspire you.
 * Contact instructors during office hours or email.
 * Utilize academic support in the Learning Commons


STUDY APPS

Download from iTunes or Google Play.

 * Quizlet
   Study with flashcards and games.
 * Cram.com Flashcards
   Create and study flashcards online.
 * Notesplus
   Annotate and highlight PDFs.


TROUBLESHOOTING VIDEOS

 * Golden Rules of Accounting
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKPQOcrUNBE&index=5&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg]
   (ACCOU)
 * Accounting Cycle
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RPRxCTEDto&index=6&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg]
   (ACCOU)
 * Entire Accounting Cycle
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlqRKYwF8d0&index=8&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg&t=0s](ACCOU)
 * Economic Entities and Personal Liability
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7uvVVJ51GQ&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg&index=8]
   (ACCOU)
 * The Introductory Secrets of Accounting Courses
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkC4pv5uO_0&index=9&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg]
   (ACCOU)
 * Predicting Rate Law Given a Table of Experiments
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvWeILmQfYg] (CHEMI)
 * Present Perfect Continuous Verb Tense in English
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxicFx3iNZI&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg&index=1]
   (ELA/ELS)
 * Present Perfect in English - Part 1
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZcK25Cidjw&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg&index=2]
   (ELA/ELS)
 * Present Perfect in English - Part 2
   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsvXn0krVNk&index=3&list=PLA8D8ayEQnP2HnQqHpkAkkfG40LG7TMRg]
   (ELA/ELS)





CONTACT INFORMATION

Learning Commons
Student Resource Center (SRC), Room 2102
Call: (630) 942-3940
Email: learningcommons@cod.edu [learningcommons@cod.edu] 
Hours of Operation [/academics/learning_commons/hours.aspx]

Mathematics Assistance
(630) 942-3339
Email: math-assist@cod.edu [math-assist@cod.edu?subject=]

Writing, Reading, Speech Assistance
(630) 942-3355
Email: wrsa@cod.edu [wrsa@cod.edu]

Tutoring Services
(630) 942-3686
Email: tutoring@cod.edu [tutoring@cod.edu?subject=Tutoring%20Services]



 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/academics/learning_commons/tutoring/student-success-resources.pcf]