https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/siafa.aspx
 * Skip to Breadcrumb Navigation
 * Skip to Main Content
 * Skip to Footer


 * Quick Links
   * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
   * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
   * COD Student Email
     [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
   * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
   * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
   * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
   * News [/news/index.aspx]
   * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
   * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
   * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Info For
   * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
   * Community Members & Local Businesses
     [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
   * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
   * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
   * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
   * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]
 * Search College of DuPage
   
   Search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].
   
   
   Chat

 * - Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]       - Apply for
   Continuing Education Classes. [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   
   
   Apply

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] /

 * Academics
   * Academics Home [/academics/index.aspx]
   * Catalog [https://catalog.cod.edu/]
   * Academic Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Academic Opportunities [/academics/academic_opportunities/index.aspx]
   * Accreditation [/academics/accreditation/index.aspx]
   * Continuing Education [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
   * Career and Technical Education
     [/academics/career_technical_education/index.aspx]
   * English Language Learners [/academics/els/index.aspx]
   * Faculty [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study
   * Areas of Study Home [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
   * New Degrees and Certificates [/academics/programs/new.aspx]
   * Degree Programs [/academics/programs/degree_programs.aspx]
   * Certificate Programs [/academics/programs/career_technical_programs.aspx]
   * New Classes [/academics/programs/new_classes.aspx]
   * Find Your Path [https://catalog.cod.edu/programs]
   * Career and Technical Programs
     [/academics/programs/career_technical_info_sheets.aspx]
   * Transfer Information [/academics/transfer/index.aspx]
   * Academic ELS [/academics/programs/els/index.aspx]
 * Admissions
   * Admissions Home [/admission/index.aspx]
   * Campus Central [/admission/campus-central.aspx]
   * Contact Admissions & Outreach [/admission/admissions_contact/index.aspx]
   * High School Students
     [/academics/academic_opportunities/high_school_students/index.aspx]
   * International Students [/admission/international/index.aspx]
   * Placement Testing
     [/academics/testing/tests-administered/placement/index.aspx]
   * Steps to Enrollment [/admission/steps-to-enrollment/index.aspx]
   * Visit COD [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]
 * Student Services
   * Student Services Home [/student-services/index.aspx]
   * Access and Accommodations
     [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
   * Center for Student Success
     [/student_life/resources/center-for-student-success/index.aspx]
   * Counseling, Advising and Transfer Services
     [/student_life/resources/counseling/index.aspx]
   * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
   * Learning Commons [/academics/learning_commons/index.aspx]
   * Office of Student Records [/records/index.aspx]
   * Registration Services [/registration/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid
   * Costs, Scholarships & Aid Home [/costs/index.aspx]
   * Tuition and Fees [/costs/tuition/index.aspx]
   * Student Employment: Federal Work-Study
     [/costs/financial_aid/federal-work-study.aspx]
   * Financial Aid [/costs/financial_aid/index.aspx]
   * Payment Policy [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/payment-policy.aspx]
   * Payment Plans [/costs/tuition/payment-plans/index.aspx]
   * Scholarships [/costs/scholarships/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources
   * Student Life Home [/student_life/index.aspx]
   * Student Resources [/student_life/resources/index.aspx]
   * Clubs and Organizations [/student_life/clubs_org/index.aspx]
   * ChapLife [https://cod.presence.io/]
   * Athletics [https://gochapsgo.com]
   * Dean of Students [/student_life/dean-of-students/index.aspx]
 * About Us
   * About Us Home [/about/index.aspx]
   * Administration [/about/administration/index.aspx]
   * Office of the President [/about/office_of_the_president/index.aspx]
   * Board of Trustees [/about/board_of_trustees/index.aspx]
   * Human Resources [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
   * COD Facts [/about/cod-facts/index.aspx]
   * Campus Facilities [/about/visitor-information/campus-facilities/index.aspx]
   * Equity and Access [/about/campus-departments/equity/index.aspx]
   * COD Stories [/about/stories/index.aspx]

College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] College of DuPage
[/_resources/img/global/logo-green.svg] / Menu
 * Search College of DuPage submit search

 * Chappy the Chatbot can answer your general questions about COD. Chat with
   Chappy [/chat.aspx].

 * Apply for Credit Classes. [https://admissions.cod.edu]
   Apply for Continuing Education Classes.
   [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]

 * Academics [/academics/index.aspx]
 * Areas of Study [/academics/programs/index.aspx]
 * Admissions [/admission/index.aspx]
 * Student Services [/student-services/index.aspx]
 * Costs, Scholarships & Aid [/costs/index.aspx]
 * Student Life & Resources [/student_life/index.aspx]
 * About Us [/about/index.aspx]

 * Quick Links
 * Blackboard [https://bb.cod.edu/]
 * Calendar of Events [/calendar/index.php]
 * COD Student Email
   [/student_life/resources/information_technology/email/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Enrollment Calendar [/student-services/important-dates.aspx]
 * Give [https://foundation.cod.edu/]
 * InsideCOD Portal [https://inside.cod.edu/]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * News [/news/index.aspx]
 * Search for Courses [https://selfserv.cod.edu/Student/Courses]
 * Services [/about/community-offerings/index.aspx]
 * Visit [/admission/visit_cod/index.aspx]

 * Info For
 * Alumni [https://alumni.cod.edu/]
 * Community Members & Local Businesses
   [/gateways/community-engagement/index.aspx]
 * Continuing Education Students [/academics/continuing-education/index.aspx]
 * Current Students [/gateways/current-students.aspx]
 * Faculty and Staff [/gateways/faculty_staff.aspx]
 * Military & Veteran Students [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Parents [/gateways/parents/index.aspx]
 * Vendors [/about/purchasing/index.aspx]


STUDENT STORIES: PRINCESS SIAFA

Home [https://www.cod.edu/]About COD [https://www.cod.edu/about/]Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/]Student and Alumni Stories
[https://www.cod.edu/about/stories/students/]Student Stories: Princess Siafa
Toggle Sub-navigation
 * Student Stories [/about/stories/students.aspx]

Princess Siafa [/about/stories/students/images/princess-siafa.jpg]


Major: Mass Communication

Princess Siafa cannot pinpoint what first interested her in journalism, but she
has never wanted to do anything else.

“Although I am not particularly interested in sports now, when I was 11, I would
perform live commentary for my brothers’ football games in front of our house,”
she said. “After each game, I would grab my microphone—a piece of
stick—interview them and report to a live audience of our friends.

After Siafa moved from Liberia to the U.S with her family, her sister
recommended College of DuPage.

“It was not a deliberate decision but a convenient option for me,” she said. “My
sister, my brother and I all applied to COD, and it is one of the best decisions
I have made.”



Student Life at COD [/student_life/index.aspx]

She balanced full-time work with being a full-time student, which was not easy.
But Siafa found opportunities like the Career Ready Scholar program offered
through the Career Services office that prepared her for the future.



“Before the Career Ready Scholar program, I did not have an active LinkedIn
account; have an updated, professional resume; or even know how to write an
effective cover letter,” she said. “During the program, the staff at Career
Services were supportive throughout. I and other scholars had access to VMock,
Big Interview and a group of people who were never tired of helping. At the end
of the program, I was ready for interviews, I completed my first job shadow
ever, I learned to network and, icing on the cake, I got a free suit!”

Through the program Siafa also met Bob Lapinski from Career Services. He
immediately introduced her to Jim Fuller, the advisor for the Courier, COD’s
student newspaper.

“Jim welcomed and introduced me to the rest of the staff at the Courier and
helped me publish my first piece,” she said. “As I continue to guest write for
the Courier, he and other staff members encourage me to write by offering
valuable critique and letting me know exactly how to improve my writing. This is
helping me create a portfolio and ace my classes at DePaul.”

As she continues her journalism studies at DePaul University, Siafa also works
at the Inn at Water’s Edge, located in COD’s Culinary & Hospitality Center,
where she covers the front desk, helps with housekeeping and trains interns.
Because she enjoys it so much, Siafa is considering completing a certificate in
hospitality at COD.

The instructors are not only thorough, but they also care about you and your
career goals.

Princess Siafa

After earning her bachelor’s degree, Siafa would like to become a news anchor
and educator, like Emmy Award-winning correspondent Marley Kayden, who also
co-hosted “Chicago’s Best” on WGN.

“As I continue studying journalism, I remain fascinated by how simple, yet so
complicated, the task to inform the public is,” she said. “What has kept me on
this path is how much I want to affect change where I am from. Seeing
journalists in Liberia do so much with so little inspires me.

“It may sound like a pipe dream, but I want to eventually start a College like
COD in Liberia. Being a student and now staff at COD has opened my mind to just
how much is missing in my country’s educational sector. When I attended college
in Liberia in 2017, there was no career services center, student-run newspaper
or even media studio space to practice journalism. I want to provide my COD
experience to students in Liberia who desperately need it.”

As for students considering COD, Siafa said they will not regret attending
because the school has so much to offer.

“When I started COD, I was new to the country, the culture and the people here.
I thought I would have a hard time adjusting, but it was surprisingly easy,” she
said. “COD is diverse and inclusive. You will always have help when you need it,
be it instructional, career wise or social needs. The instructors are not only
thorough, but they also care about you and your career goals.

“I am reminded of my favorite quote from Ellen Johnson Sirleaf: ‘If your dreams
do not scare you, they are not big enough.’ My mom constantly reminds me of a
quote from Norman Vincent Peale that became her mantra: ‘Shoot for the moon,
even if you miss, you will land among the stars.’ With the help of professors
and counselors, I completed every semester with honors. I can’t stress enough
how much more confident I have become.”

Learn more about the Mass Communication program at College of DuPage
[/academics/programs/mass-communication/index.aspx]

 


MORE MASS COMMUNICATION SUCCESS STORIES

Kristin Crowley [/about/stories/students/images/kristin_crowley.jpg]

"We go to school to make better lives for ourselves in the future. It’s not
about what you get to do in those four years, it’s about what you get out of
them." - Kristin Crowley

Kristin's COD Story [/about/stories/students/crowley.aspx]


MORE MASS COMMUNICATION SUCCESS STORIES

Kimberly Wilson [/about/stories/students/images/kimberly_wilson.jpg]

"Being on the school newspaper, as well as serving as a new student orientation
leader, were transformative experiences and helped to make my time at COD
special." - Kimberly Wilson

Kimberly's COD Story [/about/stories/students/wilson.aspx]


MORE MASS COMMUNICATION SUCCESS STORIES

Jim Elliott [/about/stories/students/images/jim_elliott.jpg]

"College of DuPage gave me the foundation, experience and confidence to continue
my future journey." - Jim Elliott

Jim's COD Story [/about/stories/students/elliott_jim.aspx]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Share:

 * College of DuPage [/_resources/img/global/logo-white.svg] /
 * 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 (630) 942-2800 (Main)
   [tel:+1-630-942-2800]
   (630) 942-3000 (Student Services) [tel:+1-630-942-3000]
 * Apply [https://admissions.cod.edu/]
 * Map & Directions [/about/visitor-information/maps-directions/index.aspx]
 * Directory [/faculty/index.aspx]
 * Campus Hours [/about/visitor-information/hours.aspx]
 * COD Centers [/about/visitor-information/centers/]
 * * https://www.facebook.com/collegeofdupage
   * https://twitter.com/collegedupage
   * https://www.youtube.com/user/CollegeofDuPage
   * https://www.linkedin.com/school/college-of-dupage/
   * https://www.flickr.com/photos/codnewsroom/
   * https://www.instagram.com/collegeofdupage/
   * https://www.tiktok.com/@college_of_dupage/

 * Legal & Consumer Information
   [/about/administration/consumer_legal_information/index.aspx]
 * Jobs [/about/humanresources/index.aspx]
 * Police Department [/about/police_department/index.aspx]
 * Contact COD [/about/contact.aspx]
 * Media Contacts [/news/contact.aspx]
 * A-Z Index [/a-to-z.aspx]
 * Library [https://library.cod.edu/]
 * Bookstore [/academics/bookstore.aspx]

 * McAninch Arts Center [https://www.atthemac.org/]
 * WDCB Public Radio [https://wdcb.org/]
 * Veterans Services [/student_life/resources/veterans/index.aspx]
 * Español
   [/student_life/resources/csdi/latino_outreach/index_spanish_language.aspx]
 * Access & Accommodations
   [/student_life/resources/access-accommodations/index.aspx]
 * MyACCESS [https://myaccess.cod.edu/]
 * COD NOW Newsletter [/gateways/cod-now/index.aspx]

© 2023 College of DuPage
[https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=277801059754640&ev=PageView&noscript=1]
©
[https://a.cms.omniupdate.com/11/?skin=cod&account=main&site=www-2019&action=de&path=/about/stories/students/siafa.pcf]